1 ; http://www.library.cornell.edu/finearts/contacts.html ; []
2 ; http://www.library.cornell.edu/aboutus/staff/ul ; [ Search , Course Help Research Help Library Services Requests , Welcome from the University Librarian In a time of rapid change, Cornell University Library continues to stand at the center of intellectual life on campus. With world-class collections and services — print, online, and in person — our Library serves as an indispensible partner in study, teaching, and research at the university. Cornell’s graduating seniors consistently rank the Library as the No. 1 service on campus, and students credit the Library with saving their GPAs and keeping their dissertations on track. Faculty members rank the Library as a leading indicator of work-life satisfaction and credit our holdings with creative breakthroughs in research. Our staff engages with faculty and researchers in cutting-edge initiatives to develop infrastructure to support e-science and data curation and protect fair use and intellectual property rights. The Library also works to help faculty members incorporate information competency skills into their curricula and enable the networking of researchers across all disciplines at Cornell and beyond. At the same time, the Library serves as a steward of wonderful treasures ranging from clay tablets to Abraham Lincoln’s Gettysburg Address to original research materials on hip hop to the most important online repository in the world, arXiv.org. Our librarians are subject area experts who provide outstanding services to researchers, emphasizing speed, convenience, and enhanced productivity. They also engage with foundations, corporations, and other research libraries to preserve cultural-heritage treasures from around the world and spearhead initiatives to provide researchers in the world’s poorest countries with access to top agricultural journals. I invite you to learn more about this wonderful Library by exploring our Web site and visiting our Library in person. Anne R. KenneyCarl A. Kroch University Librarian Contact Information:Office of the University Library AdministrationCornell University Library201 Olin Library; Ithaca, NY 14853-5301 Phone: (607) 255-3393Fax: (607) 255-6788Email: libadmin@cornell.edu Cornell University Librarians exhibit Vita (PDF) Selected publications VIVO entry ]
247 ; http://www.library.cornell.edu/course ; [ Search , Course Help Research Help Library Services Requests , Search Course Info and Reserves Enter course name, course number, or prof. name: e.g., Shakespeare e.g., ENGL 1105 e.g., Floyd Blackboard Library Guides For Faculty and Instructors ]
4 ; http://www.library.cornell.edu/colldev/cdafrica.html ; []
5 ; http://www.library.cornell.edu/wheredoi/software.html ; []
6 ; http://www.library.cornell.edu/aboutus/partners/Cornell%20Faculty%20and%20Programs ; [ Search , Course Help Research Help Library Services Requests ]
7 ; http://www.library.cornell.edu/annex/closing ; [ Search , Course Help Research Help Library Services Requests , Issues to Consider Large Collections Shifts are complex tasks that involve countless decisions by librarians, extensive and time-consuming work by technical services staff, and comprehensive reporting to support collection analysis, direct the movement of material, and facilitate record clean-up. This document attempts to provide a detailed overview of the process from beginning to end. The intended audience is the work group assigned to “make it happen”: unit heads, librarians and library staff, LTS, and Library Systems. Three major categories are outlined below. This material is expanded on in subsequent sections. 1. What types of material do we have to plan for? a. Monographs (Primary Stacks) i. Single volume ii. Multi-volume b. Serials (Primary Stacks) i. Ceased ii. Current c. Reference d. Rare (if you have a local collection) e. A/V f. Microfilm/Fiche g. Reserves (permanent) h. Theses 2. Where will everything go? a. Transfer to other libraries b. Send to Library Annex c. Withdraw d. Cancel serials 3. What are some standard reporting options/criteria to can help us analyze our collection? a. Publication date b. Language c. Historic circulation counter (# of times item has circulated since NOTIS) d. Voyager circulation activity e. LC class, and optionally the first cutter f. Serial status (ceased / current) g. Type of monograph (singe / multi-vol) h. Already in the library Annex i. Duplicated at other libraries j. In-house duplication SECTION 1: What types of material do we have to plan for? STACKS: Obviously, most material resides in your primary stack location. These volumes will be divided into single and multi-volume monographs, as well as ceased and current serials since each category of material requires different handling behind the scenes. Units will receive reports for each of these categories. This material may be further broken down by whether a copy is at the Library Annex or not. Generally, criteria will be established during the review process that will define what goes to the Library Annex, what will be withdrawn, and what will be transferred to other units. Picklists will then be created to facilitate the movement of volumes. In many cases, barcodes of selected portions of the collection will be given to LTS staff to automate the required records updates, such as location flips or withdrawal processing. Reference: Previously, units have chosen to handle the evaluation and distribution of reference materials on their own. Reports can be provided to facilitate your review, and if needed a variety of picklists can be provided for automatic processing. Rare (if you have a local collection): Unit staff should consult with Katherine Reagan on the disposition of rare materials held in your local collection. A/V: Lists of audiovisual material can be provided for your review Microfilm/Fiche: If your unit has microfilm or fiche that needs to be moved to the Library Annex, this material needs to be identified early on and evaluated by LTS staff to determine if cataloging will be required prior to moving. The library Annex only accepts barcoded material, and quite often microfilm/fiche lacks barcodes. Completing the cataloging process can be time-consuming, so this effort should start early in the planning process. Reserves (permanent): Lists of this material can be provided for your review Theses: Lists of this material can be provided for your review SECTION 2: Where will everything go? Transfer to other libraries: For stacks locations you can identify volumes in specific LC call number ranges (by class and first cutter) that will go to specific libraries. Based on the call number ranges provided, picklists will be created to facilitate these moves. For other small collections you may request picklists, or manage them manually. → Note – Potential domino effect: If the number of volumes being sent to another unit library exceeds its ability to absorb the material, the destination library may have to initiate a weeding project to make room for the new material. This, in turn, may change the “At Library Annex” status of some of your material. The number of volumes to be sent to other unit libraries should be determined early in the planning process so that the target libraries can decide if they will need to reduce their collection size prior to receiving your material. Their moves will have to be completed prior to yours, and each affected library will require their own set of reports. Send to Library Annex: Two criteria must be met before an item can be sent to the Library Annex 1. The item must be barcoded 2. The item must not duplicate a volume already in the Library Annex As part of the reporting process, all library materials are compared to the current holdings in the Library Annex and flagged as “At Library Annex” or “Not at Library Annex”. You will receive separate reports for each category. Typically, volumes already at the Library Annex become withdrawal candidates. If you have material that you know is not barcoded, this should be brought to the immediate attention of LTS staff. It is possible to split serials, retaining a portion on campus and sending the earlier volumes to the Library Annex. This requires extensive record work in LTS (approximately 30 minutes for each title). Withdrawals: Candidates for withdrawal typically include titles already at the Library Annex, titles duplicated at other libraries, and in-house duplicates. Reports detailing these scenarios for monographs and serials in your stacks and reference locations can be provided for your review. All withdrawn items need to be processed by LTS. The amount of work involved in this is determined by your choices. This will be explained in more detail in planning meetings. Withdrawals of ceased and/or duplicate serials involve LTS staff reviewing each title and comparing its holdings to other copies on campus. Specific issues may be used to fill in gaps in other copies. When the LTS analysis is complete, you will receive a picklist identifying volumes to be withdrawn and those to be sent to other locations. Cancellation of Serials: Cancellation requests should be forward to the Serials unit at Mann Library early in the process. In addition to the record work required to cancel a serial, there is often a significant lag time between the cancellation and receipt of the last issue. SECTION 3: What are some standard reporting options/criteria to can help us analyze our collection? Reports can be requested to help you get an overview of your collection and devise an appropriate strategy for collection decisions. The actual moves are performed with targeted picklists that detail the exact volumes to be pulled off the shelf. From the reporting perspective, moving material out of a library is a numbers game. There are a number of criteria options that allow you to zero in on selected volumes with great precision. If you can determine the number of volumes you need to move, and the split between serials and monographs, criteria can be applied in a manner that identifies the exact number of records to be moved. Simple Library Annex moves, for instance, are often done with a combination of publication date and circulation status, with the intent of finding the oldest books that have not circulated at all. Given a target number and overall goal/strategy, Library Systems staff can manipulate the criteria to identify the target volumes. Standard criteria for identifying large chunks of records include publication date, language, historic circulation (# of times item has circulated since NOTIS), and circulation activity in Voyager (can be date range specific). To identify material that should be sent to other libraries, the LC class and first cutter are available for record selection. Serial processing differs for ceased and currently received serials and these are easily distinguished. The same applies for single and multi-volume monographs. Withdrawal candidates are identified by determining if the title is already held at the Library Annex, or if there are duplicate copies. PICKLISTS: Large-scale moves require standard lists that can be used by movers to quickly and efficiently remove the books from the shelf. All hand-picking of material must be completed before these final picklists can be generated. LARGE SCALE DIGITIZATION INITIATIVE PROJECTS (LSDI) Incorporating an LSDI project into a library closure project creates substantial confusion and adds a great deal of complexity to the coordination aspects of both projects. Critical issues include: 1. Touch once or twice? a. From a unit perspective it seems that a great deal of efficiency might be gained by touching LSDI volumes once. In this scenario, librarians will determine that a subset of the LSDI volumes will be sent directly to the Library Annex upon return from LSDI, and others will return to the home library. However, the actual efficiency will be tempered by the overall percentage of the collection that appears on the LSDI picklist, and the desirability of those items for separate disposition. b. From a work flow perspective this means that the number of picklists may double from 4 to 8, or even more. Each category of material (serials, single-volume monographs, multi-vol monos, and non-LC items) could potentially be split via some sort of criteria into “return to Library Annex” and “return to Library” lists. Pickers will load up separate trucks according to final disposition. Cart routing is verified by LSDI staff on the return of each shipment. c. For large datasets it probably makes sense to touch once… for smaller units it might be easier to return all volumes to the home library and move them to the Library Annex later. The simpler the criteria dividing the disposition, the easier it is to split a LSDI picklist. 2. Moratorium on record work for duration of LSDI project While the LSDI project is actively underway at any library’s central campus collection, records on the LSDI picklist cannot be updated in any way (withdrawals, location changes), nor can volumes be transferred to another unit while they are queued for LSDI processing. This black-out period extends from the date the final candidate list is requested from LSDI, to the return and reshelving of that library’s last shipment from the scanning facility. The only exception to this is for the volumes that are flagged to return directly to the Library Annex after scanning, and these are handled by a special direct accessioning workflow. In all other instances, large-scale record work is done via batch processing. In practical terms, this means that transfers during this active period and modification of the holdings records should cease during blackout. ]
8 ; http://www.library.cornell.edu/colldev/cdicelandic.html ; []
10 ; http://www.library.cornell.edu/colldev/cdangloamerican.html ; []
11 ; http://www.library.cornell.edu/aboutus/inside/depts/ils ; [ Search , Course Help Research Help Library Services Requests , Cornell PatronsMake a Request: Borrow Direct Interlibrary Loan and Document Delivery There are three Interlibrary Services units on Cornell's main campus. Each handles Borrowing for the Cornell community and Lending outside the Cornell community. Borrowing for the Cornell community Contact information for the five pick-up locations: Olin Library 255-9564 olin-ils@cornell.edu Mann, Geneva or Veterinary Library 255-7754 mann_ill-mailbox@cornell.edu Law Library 255-5750 law-ils@cornell.edu Cornell University Library offers the following services to its users: Borrow Direct Books which are currently unavailable or not owned by Cornell may be requested through the virtual catalog of Brown University, Columbia University, Dartmouth College, Princeton University, University of Pennsylvania and Yale University. These are requested directly by the library patron. Registration is not required. There is no fee for this service. Interlibrary Loan Items not owned by Cornell may be borrowed or a photocopy may be obtained from outside institutions. Choose the unit (Olin, Mann, Law, Geneva, Veterinary Library) which best suits your needs. A one-time registration is required. The unit you select during your initial registration will be the pick-up location for all material borrowed on Interlibrary Loan. There is no fee for this service. Document Delivery Document Delivery is an electronic document delivery service offered by Cornell University Library. Faculty, staff and students may request copies of journal articles, book chapters and other materials located in the print collection of the Cornell University Libraries. Documents will be scanned and made available on the web as PDF files. There may be a fee for this service. Lending Cornell Material Outside Cornell Material held by Cornell University Library may be requested by institutions and individuals not affiliated with Cornell. Lending Cornell Material via OCLC Cornell University is a supplier in OCLC. All requests made to Cornell University for loan of materials can be sent to the symbol 'COO' in OCLC. If you are able to request by this method, we will not accept requests in any other form from your library. All OCLC requests initially go to the Olin unit and are routed as necessary. OCLC users should consult the OCLC Policies Directory for fees and lending policies (login required). Cornell has consortial arrangements with the following: RLG SCRLC SUNY (Mann, Vet and Geneva) RAPID - articles only, requested through the RAPID system NELLCO (Law) Lending Cornell Material to Businesses, Individuals and Non-Networked Institutions If you are a business, institution or an individual and do not have access to OCLC you may borrow from any of the Cornell Ithaca campus libraries by submitting your request via our Lending webform. Please check individual unit details as lending policies may vary. Businesses, organizations and institutions not affiliated with Cornell can request loans of books and articles from the Cornell Libraries collection. Individuals not affiliated with Cornell can request articles directly from the Cornell Libraries collection but must request loans only through their local library. Interlibrary Services Units at Cornell Olin Library Mann Library Law Library Interlibrary Services at Weill Cornell Medical Library Weill Cornell Medical Library in New York City conducts separate interlibrary loan operations and has a separate catalog: Weill Cornell Medical Library Catalog (Tri-Cat). Cornell Patrons Make a Request: Borrow Direct Interlibrary Loan and Document Delivery ILS Units: Olin Library Mann Library Law Library ]
13 ; http://www.library.cornell.edu/colldev/cdfrenchhistory.html ; []
14 ; http://www.library.cornell.edu/resrch/libguides/12 ; [ Search , Course Help Research Help Library Services Requests ]
15 ; http://www.library.cornell.edu/resrch/libguides/13 ; [ Search , Course Help Research Help Library Services Requests ]
16 ; http://www.library.cornell.edu/finearts/purchaserequest.html ; []
17 ; http://www.library.cornell.edu/colldev/cdjapan.html ; []
84 ; http://www.library.cornell.edu/resrch/libguides/16 ; [ Search , Course Help Research Help Library Services Requests ]
19 ; http://www.library.cornell.edu/resrch/libguides/17 ; [ Search , Course Help Research Help Library Services Requests ]
20 ; http://www.library.cornell.edu/africana/about/ ; []
153 ; http://www.library.cornell.edu/africana/ ; []
22 ; http://www.library.cornell.edu/Reps/DOCS/homepage.htm ; []
23 ; http://www.library.cornell.edu/resrch/citing ; [ Search , Course Help Research Help Library Services Requests , When writing a research paper, it is important to cite the sources you used in a way such that a reader could find them. These are the most common formats for citing sources. If you are unsure of what style to use, ask your professor. APA American Psychological Association MLA Modern Language Association Chicago Manual of Style Annotated Bibliography Tutorial Citation Management Software: This software will format your bibliography and footnotes for you! Code of Academic Integrity ]
27 ; http://www.library.cornell.edu/colldev/cdancienthistory.html ; []
9 ; http://www.library.cornell.edu/scholarlycomm/serials/ ; [ Framing the topic: For many years, the cost of scholarly serials&#8212; paper and electronic&#8212;has outstripped both indicators of inflation and university budgets. Statistics collected by the Association of Research Libraries (PDF) show that between 1986 and 2003, a period in which the Consumer Price Index grew 68% and the average monograph purchased by members of the association 82%, serial unit costs grew a whopping 215%. During this same period, the amount of scholarly publication increased markedly, serial titles by 138%. The result of these trends is that research libraries in North America are spending ever more money for ever fewer publications. We are now reaching the point where many institutions, including Cornell, are no longer able to provide access to some standard materials needed for instruction and research. There are three major reasons for the rise in serials expenditures. The first, and best known, is the growing influence of commercial firms in scholarly publishing, especially that segment of the industry dedicated to science, technology and the social sciences. Commercial publishers charge more for their information than scholarly societies or university presses. Second, the costs of publishing in traditional form are increasing to a point that in some disciplines it is becoming ever more difficult for scholarship to be published in a timely and useful fashion. The Modern Language Association&#8217;s ad hoc Committee on the Future of Scholarly Publishing provides an excellent overview (PDF). Finally, the need for research libraries to purchase materials in paper and electronic formats provides additional impulse to rising serials expenditures. The substantial advantages of electronic materials (especially in ease of access and text manipulation) are of unquestionable value to scholars, and Cornell, like all major research libraries, is investing heavily in its digital holdings. At the same time, however, we must still purchase traditional materials since they continue to be the principle medium of information exchange in some fields. We are likely to remain in this state of transition from paper to digits for some years to come, and this will be very costly. , The impact at Cornell: Cornell University Library statistics document trends similar to those reported by the Association of Research Libraries. Materials budgets on the Ithaca campus increased 185.5% between 1986 and 2004, but the number of serial titles purchased increased only 5%. The contract college libraries, despite materials budget increases of 120% since 1988, actually subscribe to 14% fewer serial titles than they did at the beginning of the period. The most visible impact of rising prices at Cornell is cancellation of expensive journal titles. See the list of journals published by Elsevier that were cancelled in 2004. , The Cornell University Library&#8217;s Response: In the short run, the Library has worked assiduously to fulfill its responsibility to balance the materials budget. It has worked through library consortia, principally The NorthEast Research Libraries Consortium, (NERL), to negotiate more favorable pricing. It has aggressively negotiated with serials vendors, including the precedent-breaking refusal to continue an agreement with Elsevier that prohibited canceling titles they published. , In the medium term, the Library has supported non-commercial serial publishing and distribution initiatives. JSTOR, a collection of back issues of core scholarly journals in the arts and humanities, sciences and social sciences Project Euclid, a collection of scholarly journals in mathematics and statistics, managed by the Cornell University Library SPARC&reg;, through its membership in the Association of Research Libraries (ARL), Cornell University Library helps enable the Scholarly Publishing and Academic Resources Coalition to address &#8220;dysfunctions in the scholarly communication system&#8221; by expanding competition and supporting Open Access. AGORA, Mann Library is one of the principal sponsors of Access to Global Online Research in Agriculture, which provides students and researchers in not-for-profit institutions in eligible developing countries with access to journals from major scientific publishers in the fields of food, agriculture, environmental science and related social sciences. , But in the long run, only a fundamental change in the modes of scholarly communication will meaningfully address rising serial costs. That change has begun. Informed in part by an education campaign emanating from the Library, Cornell&#8217;s Faculty Senate passed a resolution that &#8220;&#8230;supports the library&#8217;s efforts to bring serials costs under control while at the same time maintaining the collection&#8217;s quality.&#8221;\ As one promising way of sponsoring change in publishing fundamentals, the Library has actively encouraged the Open Access Initiative&#8217;s efforts in scholarly e-publishing, covered in detail on this site. , What Faculty can Do: The Cornell faculty has responded through the public support expressed in the Faculty Senate resolution and through many private gestures. Faculty can help develop methods that will allow us to rely far less heavily on commercial publications. This can be done in part by working with scholarly societies and university presses to ensure that they are able to publish quality scholarship at reasonable prices. Also, methods presently used for the exchange of scholarly information in individual disciplines need to be reviewed, and practicable alternatives developed and considered. Several initiatives are now underway to study or facilitate scholarly communication. See these selected links for alternative publishing options. Third, scholars need to retain some rights to their own work, rather than signing them over completely to publishers. When submitting materials for publication, Cornell scholars should consider stipulating at the very least that their publications be freely available to the Cornell community for purposes of instruction and research. Preferably scholars should also negotiate to ensure that they retain the right to post their own publication on their own or on their institutions Web sites. More information is available at the Copyright Management section of this site. ]
29 ; http://www.library.cornell.edu/ask/phone ; [ Search , Course Help Research Help Library Services Requests , Email or call the various reference desks to have your particular reference questions handled by specialists. The phone numbers and email addresses are listed below. The area code for Cornell is (607) unless listed otherwise. , Library Reference Desk Phone Reference Desk E-mail Africana Library (607) 255-3822 afrlib@cornell.edu Engineering Library (607) 254-6261 engranswers@cornell.edu Entomology Library (607) 255-3265 entomologylib@cornell.edu Fine Arts Library (607) 255-6716 fineartsref@cornell.edu Geneva Experiment Station Library (315) 787-2214 leelibrary@cornell.edu Hotel Library (607) 255-3673 hotelref@cornell.edu Industrial and Labor Relations Library (607) 254-5370 ilrref@cornell.edu Kroch Library, Division of Asia Collections (607) 255-8199 asiaref@cornell.edu Kroch Library, Division of Rare &amp; Manuscript Collections (607) 255-3530 rareref@cornell.edu Law Library (607) 255-9577 library@postoffice.law.cornell.edu Library Annex Management Library (607) 255-3389 mgtref@cornell.edu Mann Library (607) 255-5406 mann-ref@cornell.edu Mathematics Library (607) 255-5076 mathlib@cornell.edu Medical Center Archives (212) 746-6072 email-archives@med.cornell.edu Medical Library (212) 746-6055 infodesk@med.cornell.edu Music Library (607) 255-4011 musicref@cornell.edu Olin Library (607) 255-4144 okuref@cornell.edu Ornithology Library (607) 254-2165 Adelson_lib@cornell.edu Physical Sciences Library (Edna McConnell Clark Library) (607) 255-4016 pslref@cornell.edu Uris Library (607) 255-4144 okuref@cornell.edu Veterinary Library (607) 253-3496 vetref@cornell.edu ]
212 ; http://www.library.cornell.edu/citing/feedback ; [ Search , Course Help Research Help Library Services Requests , Please use this form to submit questions or comments about citation management tools such as Endnote and RefWorks. Your full name: * Your email address: * Select a library: * - Select -Adelson Library (Lab of Ornithology)Africana LibraryEngineering LibraryEntomology LibraryFine Arts LibraryGeneva LibraryHotel LibraryIndustrial &amp; Labor Relations LibraryKroch Library (Asia)Kroch Library (Division of Rare and Manuscript Collections)Law LibraryManagement LibraryMann Library (Agriculture, Life Sciences &amp; Selected Social Sciences)Mathematics LibraryMusic LibraryOlin Library (Humanities &amp; Social Sciences)Physical Sciences LibraryUris Library (Humanities &amp; Social Sciences)Veterinary LibraryWeill Cornell Medical Library (New York City)Weill Cornell Medical College-Qatar, Distributed eLibrary Enter your comments or questions in the box: * By submitting this form, you accept the Mollom privacy policy. ]
32 ; http://www.library.cornell.edu/colldev/cdbibliography.html ; []
34 ; http://www.library.cornell.edu/svcs/libraryspaces/libspacesxtype/37 ; [ Search , Course Help Research Help Library Services Requests ]
95 ; http://www.library.cornell.edu/svcs/borrow/2cul ; [ Search , Course Help Research Help Library Services Requests , Cornell University Library and Columbia University Libraries (2CUL) are launching a reciprocal borrowing program for current students, faculty and staff of each institution.  Users may register for a library card at the partner library and borrow books when visiting that campus (Columbia medical libraries excluded).  The lending library's policies and loan periods apply to partner borrowers.  The library card is good for one year, and may be renewed upon reapplication.  There is no charge for this program. Apply for a Columbia Library card here: http://www.library.cornell.edu/2cul/borrowing Columbia Library cards are created within two business days of receipt of the application.  Cards are available for pickup at 201 Butler Library during regular business hours.  You must present your valid Cornell ID to claim the card. To borrow materials at Columbia, present your Columbia library card and your Cornell ID at the circulation desk.  Cornell borrowers receive the same borrowing privileges as their Columbia patron group counterparts (usually one semester for books; loan periods for other materials may vary).  Cornell patrons may recall Columbia books for pickup at Columbia.  Interlibrary loan and Borrow Direct services, hosted by Columbia, are not available to Cornell users. Books borrowed from Columbia University Libraries may be returned at either Columbia or Cornell Libraries.  Questions?  Please contact the Library Public Services Office, (607) 255-5069, libpublicservices@cornell.edu Columbia University Libraries information: AddressLibrary Information Office201 Butler Library535 West 114th St.New York, NY 10027 Telephone(212) 854-7309 E-maillio@columbia.edu Hoursview calendar Borrowing Privileges: http://library.columbia.edu/services/lio/borrowing.html ]
36 ; http://www.library.cornell.edu/request/classform ; [ Search , Course Help Research Help Library Services Requests , Please fill out this form to request a Library instruction session. If you have any questions, please contact an instruction coordinator. Instructor InformationInstructor Information Instructor's department: * Instructor's Name: * Instructor's email address: * Instructor's phone number: * Course Information Level of students: Freshman Upper-level Graduate Course number and title: Number of students: Do you use Blackboard or another course management system for this course?: YesNo Explanation of library assignment: Goals for the library session: Specific resources I would like you to cover, if any: Other Information: Scheduling Information Select a library: * - Select -Adelson Library at Lab of OrnithologyAfricana LibraryEngineering LibraryEntomology LibraryFine Arts LibraryGeneva LibraryHotel LibraryIndustrial and Labor Relations LibraryKroch Library (Asia)Kroch Library (Division of Rare and Manuscript Collections)Law LibraryManagement LibraryMann Library (Agriculture, Life Sciences and Selected Social Sciences)Mathematics LibraryMusic LibraryOlin Library (Humanities and Social Sciences)Physical Sciences LibraryUris Library (Humanities and Social Sciences)Veterinary LibraryWeill Cornell Medical Library (New York CityWeill Cornell Medical College-Qatar, Distributed eLibrary Preferred date: Second choice date: Time class meets: By submitting this form, you accept the Mollom privacy policy. ]
37 ; http://www.library.cornell.edu/africana/guides/ ; []
38 ; http://www.library.cornell.edu/colldev/cdterms1.html ; []
41 ; http://www.library.cornell.edu/svcs/disability ; [ Search , Course Help Research Help Library Services Requests , Welcome Cornell University Library is committed to providing accommodations for patrons with disabilities. Patrons seeking assistance are encouraged to contact Bethany Silfer, disability services coordinator for the library system. Bethany will arrange for accommodations at any of the 20 Cornell libraries to enable you to make the most efficient use of the libraries facilities, materials and services. Contact information Assistive technologies at the libraries Access to materials Private study or work spaces Cornell University Library Disabilities Contact Information Bethany Silfer, library disability services coordinator: bb29@cornell.edu; (607) 255-3758Cornell Library Public Services Office: libpublicservices@cornell.edu; (607) 255-5069 Cornell University Disabilities Contact Information Visit the Web site at http://www.cornell.edu/disability/. Assistive Technology at the Libraries Assistive Technology Centers in Mann, Olin and Uris libraries provide users with screen-readers, a Braille printer, e-text readers and software that converts e-text into MP3s and other audio files. Below is a list of locations of specific technologies. Engineering Library Software Hardware E-text reader Text to audio JAWS 8.0 Scanners Mann Library Software Hardware Dragon Naturally Speaking Duxbury (Braille Translator) - prints to Romeo Braille embosser JAWS Kurzweil (Braille translation software) MAGic (screen magnification software) Scanners Romeo Braille Embosser Olin Library &amp; Uris Library Software Hardware Jaws 7.0 Text to audio Universal reader E-text reader Dragon Naturally Speaking Scan and read Talking word processor Scanners In Olin, the station is located in the first-floor computing area. In Uris, it is located in the CIT Tower Lab on the Gallery Level. CIT supports both hardware and software. User support is available from Cyrus Hamilton ch286@cornell.edu in the Center for Learning and Teaching. Access to Materials Library staff will page materials for you, or you may use any of the services listed below. Delivery Services See Delivery section of Borrowing and Delivery page for all service options. Library-to-Library Book Delivery Service You can request that materials be paged and sent to the library of your choice. Document Delivery Services Library staff will scan a book chapter or journal article and send it to you as a PDF via e-mail to view on your own computer. This service is free for patrons with temporary or permanent disabilities. (Please note this on the request form. Borrow Direct If Cornell does not own a particular book that you would like access to or Cornell’s copy is checked out to someone, you can search for the item in Borrow Direct. Borrow Direct is a shared database of 6 partnering institutions that share materials by shipping them rapidly to one another for a 42 day loan period.  Turnaround is usually 1 week or less. Interlibrary Loan Materials that Cornell does not own and that are not available through Borrow Direct are requestable through Interlibrary Loan. Private Study or Work Spaces In some of the libraries, privately assigned study desks are available for semester-long use. Check with each individual library for more information. ]
237 ; http://www.library.cornell.edu/svcs/serve/res/resinfo ; [ Search , Course Help Research Help Library Services Requests , Course Reserves: How-to for Instructors What do you want to do? Create a new reserve list Add items to a reserve list Edit items on a current reserve list Reactivate (copy) an old list Other: General reserve information Information about In-library reserve Information about E-reserve Information about Copyright Information about Blackboard processing Questions?  Contact the library reserve staff Create a new Reserve List Log in to the Reserve Processing System: https://reserves.library.cornell.edu/ares/ Select "switch to instructor view" and then "create a course" Blackboard users: click YES at the system interface screen. Proceed to Blackboard and select the course you are teaching. Click Tools (left hand menu). Click Course Reserves - the Reserve processing System will open within your Blackboard window.  If you are a new reserves system user, you will be prompted to create an account (a one time process). Non-Blackboard users: click NO or MAYBE at the system interface screen and then click the Proceed button.  If you are a new user, you will be prompted to create an account (a one time process) Fill in the information about your course.  Select a library where your reserve books will be located.  Click create course. Add items to a reserve list Edit items on a reserve list Reactivate (copy) an old reserve list General Reserve Information Books and other physical items may be placed on in-library reserve.  Electronic readings may be placed on e-reserve delivered through Blackboard. Course reserve materials are intended solely for non-commercial, educational use. Library staff will make every effort to have all requested reserve items available as soon as possible. To ensure availability for the first day of classes, all lists (paper and online) should be submitted by the following dates: Fall semester:  August 3 Winter sessions:  December 1 Spring semester:  December 15 Summer session:  4 weeks before the start of the session Information about in-library reserve Reserve materials are held at a library's circulation desk or in a designated study room within the library.  (In some cases, study room reserves are unmoderated and can be used freely by the students in the class.) Most libraries offer a choice of loan periods; 2-hour loan is standard, but the loan period can be adjusted to suit the needs of the class. There is no limit on the number of items that may be placed on reserve, but please speak with the library's reserves coordinator if you need to place a very large number of books on reserve. Number of copies to place on reserve: for non-textbook materials, the rule of thumb is to place one copy on reserve for every 20-25 students.  For textbooks and other materials that the students are required to purchase, 1 copy per 50 students. Purchase requests: the library will accommodate purchase requests to the extent possible within budgetary constraints.  Please discuss your needs with the reserves coordinator. Items that may be placed on reserve: Items owned by Cornell Library: books, journals, videos, CD/DVDs, TakeNote, course packets, other materials. Textbooks (supplied by the instructor or purchased by the library).  Upon request, the library will generally purchase up to 3 copies, or one copy per 50 students, whichever is less. Legally obtained photocopies supplied by the instructor (please include the copyright statement) Personal copies of books and other materials supplied by the instructor. Please do not put irreplacable, fragile or very valuable personal materials on reserve.  The library assumes no liability for loss or damage. The library places adhesive-backed barcodes on all items on reserve.  If you do not want your personal items barcoded, please speak with the reserves coordinator.  The library will create a covering or case for the material, and place a barcode on the covering.  Please allow extra time for processing. Personal copies will be returned to you at the end of the term. Items that may not be placed on reserve: Materials owned by other institutions (no Interlibrary Loan or Borrow Direct items) Copies of videos/CDs/DVDs that lack the permission of the copyright holder for this type of use Rare books, fragile items Information about Electronic Reserve Items that may be placed on e-reserve: journal articles, book chapters, syllabi, practice exams, lecture notes and audio files.  Print items may be scanned and uploaded as PDF files, or linked to if they are available through the Library's licensed databases, or are open-access resources. Electronic items must meet copyright Fair Use guidelines or have the permission of the copyright holder for this type of use. Readings must be restricted to members of the class, and access must be terminated at the end of final exams. Upon request, the library will assist instructors in scanning documents and creating links as allowed by the Electronic Course Content - Copyright Guidelines, or will upload readings to the instructor's Blackboard website. Please contact the library for assistance. Reproduced (scanned or photocopied) materials should incude proper attribution and include the original work's copyright statement.  If no statement can be found, a standard statement of copyright protection may be used. Course packets and excepts from course packets cannot be made available electronically without permission from the copyright holder. However, course packet articles that are available through the Library's licensed databases are usually already licensed for reserve use and may be placed on e-reserve. A physical copy of the course packet may be placed on in-library reserve. For questions specifically dealing with electronic reserves for audio, the Music Library endoreses the Statement on the Digital Transmission of Audio Reserves issued by the Music Library Association. Information about Blackboard processing: How to create links to library resources How to assign "Course Builder" authorization to the Library How to create a Blackboard account How to create a Blackboard course shell How to create course reserves in Blackboard How to add reserve readings to a reserve list in Blackboard Why are my reserve items not showing up in Blackboard? Information about Copyright Electronic Course Content - Copyright Guidelines Copyright Information Center Fair Use checklist Contact Us , Create a new reserve list, Add items to a reserve list, Edit items on a current reserve list, Reactivate (copy) an old list , Other:, General reserve information, Information about In-library reserve, Information about E-reserve, Information about Copyright, Information about Blackboard processing, Fall semester:  August 3 Winter sessions:  December 1 Spring semester:  December 15 Summer session:  4 weeks before the start of the session ]
214 ; http://www.library.cornell.edu/aboutus/coll/strength/select ; [ Search , Course Help Research Help Library Services Requests , The Library's physical and digital collections are administered by a team of librarian subject specialists -- also called selectors or bibliographers  -- who make purchase decisions in consultation with Cornell scholars. Area Selector Phone E-Mail Accounting Angela Horne 255-9242 akh8@cornell.edu African Studies Eric Kofi Acree 255-5229 ea18@cornell.edu African-American Studies Eric Kofi Acree 255-5229 ea18@cornell.edu Agriculture (International) Nan Hyland 255-8125 nch9@cornell.edu American History Peter Hirtle 255-4033 pbh6@cornell.edu American Indian History Maureen Morris 255-7455 mm342@cornell.edu American Literature &amp; Film Fred Muratori 255-6662 fmm1@cornell.edu Ancient History Kizer Walker 254-1375 kw33@cornell.edu Animal Science Linda Stewart (Mann) Susanne Whitaker (Vet) 255-9022 253-3499 lgs1@cornell.edu skw2@cornell.edu Anthropology Maureen Morris 255-7455 mm342@cornell.edu Applied Economics  (Mann) Nan Hyland 255-8125 nch9@cornell.edu Archaeology Kizer Walker 254-1375 kw33@cornell.edu Architecture Martha Walker 255-6719 maw6@cornell.edu Art Susette Newberry 255-3927 sn18@cornell.edu Asia (General) Lorena Nash 255-4189 ld286@cornell.edu Asia Reference (General) Carole Atkinson 255-8199 cea1@cornell.edu Asian Americans See: American Literature, East Asian Studies, South Asian Studies, Southeast Asian Studies Astronomy Dianne Dietrich 255-4016 dd388@cornell.edu Australian/New Zealand Literature &amp; Film Fred Muratori 255-6662 fmm1@cornell.edu Bibliography/History of the Book Peter Hirtle 255-4033 pbh6@cornell.edu Biochemistry Greg Lawrence 255-3242 gwl1@cornell.edu Biological &amp; Environmental Engineering Greg Lawrence 255-3242 gwl1@cornell.edu Biological Statistics &amp; Computational Biology Greg Lawrence 255-3242 gwl11@cornell.edu Biometry Greg Lawrence 255-3242 gwl1@cornell.edu British History (modern &amp; medieval) Virginia Cole 255-5359 vac11@cornell.edu Business (JGSM) Angela Horne 255-9242 akh8@cornell.edu Business (Hospitality Industry) Don Schnedeker 255-8771 dws2@cornell.edu Business (Mann Library) Jaron Porciello 255-9903 jat264@cornell.edu Canadian Literature &amp; Film Fred Muratori 255-6662 fmm1@cornell.edu Chemistry Leah Solla 793-6217 lrm1@cornell.edu Children's Literature Lance Heidig 255-2954 ljh5@cornell.edu Chinese Studies Liren Zheng 255-5759 lz14@cornell.edu Christianity Kizer Walker 254-1375 kw33@cornell.edu City and Regional Planning Martha Walker 255-6719 maw6@cornell.edu Classics Kizer Walker 254-1375 kw33@cornell.edu Commonwealth History Sarah How 255-9478 seh4@cornell.edu Communication Nan Hyland 255-8125 nch9@cornell.edu Comparative Literature Fred Muratori 255-6662 fmm1@cornell.edu Computer Science, Technology &amp; Networking Jill Powell 255-8701 jhp1@cornell.edu Cornell University (Archives) Elaine Engst Eileen Keating 255-3530 255-3530 ee11@cornell.edu eek2@cornell.edu Criminology Nancy Skipper 255-5176 nss3@cornell.edu Crop and Soil Sciences Greg Lawrence 255-3242 gwl1@cornell.edu Dance Bonna Boettcher 255-7126 bjb57@cornell.edu Design &amp; Environmental Analysis Nan Hyland 255-8125 nch9@cornell.edu Earth &amp; Atmospheric Sciences Linda Stewart 255-9022 lgs1@cornell.edu East Asian Studies Liren Zheng 255-5759 lz14@cornell.edu Ecology &amp; Evolutionary Biology Linda Stewart 255-9022 lgs1@cornell.edu Economics Deb Schmidle (Olin) Angela Horne (JGSM) Suzanne Cohen (ILR) 255-3680 255-9242 255-7105 dj13@cornell.edu akh8@cornell.edu sac29@cornell.edu Economics -- Europe Sarah How 255-9478 seh4@cornell.edu Education Nan Hyland (Mann) Tony Cosgrave (Olin) 255-8125 255-7148 nch9@cornell.edu ajc5@cornell.edu Engineering Jill Powell 255-8701 jhp1@cornell.edu English Language, Literature &amp; Film Fred Muratori 255-6662 fmm1@cornell.edu Entomology Linda Stewart 255-9022 lgs1@cornell.edu Environmental Engineering Jill Powell 255-8701 jhp1@cornell.edu Fiber Science &amp; Apparel Linda Stewart 255-9022 lgs1@cornell.edu Finance Angela Horne 255-9242 akh8@cornell.edu Folklore Fred Muratori 255-6662 fmm1@cornell.edu Food Science Linda Stewart 255-9022 lgs1@cornell.edu French History (modern &amp; medieval) William Sayers 255-9487 ws36@cornell.edu French Language &amp; Literature William Sayers 255-9487 ws36@cornell.edu Genealogy Peter Hirtle 255-4033 pbh6@cornell.edu Geneva Experiment Station Marty Schlabach 255-6919 mls5@cornell.edu Geography Boris Michev 255-9566 bm19@cornell.edu Geological Sciences Jeremy Cusker 254-6261 jcp27@cornell.edu German History (modern &amp; medieval) Kizer Walker 254-1375 kw33@cornell.edu German Language &amp; Literature Kizer Walker 254-1375 kw33@cornell.edu Government Lynn Thitchener 255-4985 lmk7@cornell.edu Government - Europe Sarah How 255-9478 seh4@cornell.edu Government Documents Lynn Thitchener (Olin) Greg Lawrence (Mann) 255-4985 255-3242 lmk7@cornell.edu gwl1@cornell.edu Greek History and Literature (modern &amp; medieval) William Sayers 255-9487 ws36@cornell.edu Health Administration Jaron Porciello 255-9903 jat264@cornell.edu History (General) Peter Hirtle 255-4033 pbh6@cornell.edu History of Science (Olin) Leah Solla 793-6217 lrm1@cornell.edu History of Science (Rare &amp; Manuscript) David Corson 255-5477 dwc4@cornell.edu Horticulture Greg Lawrence 255-3242 gwl1@cornell.edu Hospitality Industry Don Schnedeker 255-8771 dws2@cornell.edu Human Development &amp; Family Studies Nan Hyland 255-8125 nch9@cornell.edu Human Sexuality Brenda Marston 255-3530 bjm4@cornell.edu Icelandic Studies Patrick Stevens 255-3530 pjs3@cornell.edu Industrial Relations Suzanne Cohen 255-7105 sac29@cornell.edu Information Science Jill Powell 255-8701 jhp1@cornell.edu Information Technology Jill Powell 255-8701 jhp1@cornell.edu Irish History (modern &amp; medieval) Virginia Cole 255-5359 vac11@cornell.edu Irish Literature &amp; Film Fred Muratori 255-6662 fmm1@cornell.edu Islam Ali Houissa 255-5752 ah16@cornell.edu Italian History (modern &amp; medieval) William Sayers 255-9487 ws36@cornell.edu Italian Language &amp; Literature William Sayers 255-9487 ws36@cornell.edu Japanese Studies Daniel McKee 255-4737 djm53@cornell.edu Jewish Studies Patrick Stevens 255-3530 pjs3@cornell.edu Korean Studies Liren Zheng 255-5759 lz14@cornell.edu Labor Suzanne Cohen 255-7105 sac29@cornell.edu Landscape Architecture Greg Lawrence (Mann) Martha Walker (Fine Arts) 255-3242 255-6719 gwl1@cornell.edu maw6@cornell.edu Language Pedagogy Kornelia Tancheva 255-3774 kt18@cornell.edu Latin American Studies Cecilia Sercan 255-5752 css4@cornell.edu Latino Studies Cecilia Sercan 255-5752 css4@cornell.edu Law Thomas Mills 255-5859 twm26@cornell.edu Library Science Wendy Wilcox 254-6241 ww83@cornell.edu Linguistics Kornelia Tancheva 255-3774 kt18@cornell.edu Management Angela Horne 255-9242 akh8@cornell.edu Maps Boris Michev 255-9566 bm19@cornell.edu Marketing Angela Horne 255-9242 akh8@cornell.edu Mathematical Statistics Steven Rockey 255-5268 swr1@cornell.edu Mathematics Steven Rockey 255-5268 swr1@cornell.edu Medieval Studies Virginia Cole 255-5359 vac11@cornell.edu Microbiology Greg Lawrence 255-3242 gwl1@cornell.edu Middle East and Islam Ali Houissa 255-5752 ah16@cornell.edu Molecular Biology and Genetics Greg Lawrence 255-3242 gwl1@cornell.edu Music Bonna Boettcher 255-7126 bjb57@cornell.edu Music and Dance Videos &amp; Sound Recordings Tracey Snyder 255-6160 tls224@cornell.edu Natural Resources Linda Stewart 255-9022 lgs1@cornell.edu Naval History Peter Hirtle 255-4033 pbh6@cornell.edu Netherlandic Studies William Sayers 255-9487 ws36@cornell.edu Neurobiology &amp; Behavior Linda Stewart 255-9022 lgs1@cornell.edu Newspapers, North American Michael Engle 255-1884 moe1@cornell.edu Numismatics Kizer Walker 254-1375 kw33@cornell.edu Nutrition Linda Stewart 255-9022 lgs1@cornell.edu Operations Research Jill Powell 255-8701 jhp1@cornell.edu Organizational Behavior Suzanne Cohen (ILR) Angela Horne (JGSM/Hotel) 255-7105 255-9242 sac29@cornell.edu akh8@cornell.edu Ornithology Linda Stewart (Mann) 255-9022 lgs1@cornell.edu Peace Studies Lynn Thitchener 255-4985 lmk7@cornell.edu Personnel/Human Resource Management Suzanne Cohen (ILR) 255-7105 sac29@cornell.edu Philately Cecilia Sercan 255-5752 css4@cornell.edu Philosophy Boaz Nadav-Manes 255-5762 btn3@cornell.edu Physics Dianne Dietrich 255-4016 dd388@cornell.edu Physiology Linda Stewart 255-9022 lgs1@cornell.edu Plant Biology Greg Lawrence 255-3242 gwl1@cornell.edu Plant Breeding Greg Lawrence 255-3242 gwl1@cornell.edu Plant Pathology Greg Lawrence 255-3242 gwl1@cornell.edu Policy Analysis &amp; Management Jaron Porciello 255-9903 bb75@cornell.edu Portuguese History Cecilia Sercan 255-5752 css4@cornell.edu Portuguese Language &amp; Literature Cecilia Sercan 255-5752 css4@cornell.edu Post-Soviet Studies Robert Davis (212) 854-4701 rhd2106@columbia.edu Psychology Tony Cosgrave 255-7148 ajc5@cornell.edu Rare Books Katherine Reagan 255-3530 kr33@cornell.edu Reference Collection, Olin/Uris Michael Engle 255-1884 moe1@cornell.edu Religious Studies Kizer Walker 254-1375 kw33@cornell.edu Restaurant/Food Service Don Schnedeker 255-8771 dws2@cornell.edu Rural/Development Sociology Nan Hyland 255-8125 nch9@cornell.edu Scandinavian Studies William Sayers 255-9487 ws36@cornell.edu Slavic Studies Robert Davis (212) 854-4701 rhd2106@columbia.edu Social Science Data Files CISER 255-1986 CISER@cornell.edu Social Sciences (General) Kaila Bussert 254-6216 kjb82@cornell.edu Sociology Nancy Skipper (Olin) Suzanne Cohen (ILR) 255-5176 255-7105 nss3@cornell.edu sac29@cornell.edu Sociology -- Europe Sarah How 255-9478 seh4@cornell.edu South Asian Studies Bronwen Bledsoe 255-9479 bb246@cornell.edu Southeast Asian Studies Gregory H. Green 255-8889 ghg4@cornell.edu Theater and Drama (General) Fred Muratori 255-6662 fmm1@cornell.edu Toxicology Greg Lawrence 255-3242 gwl1@cornell.edu Travel/Tourism Don Schnedeker 255-8771 dws2@cornell.edu Urban Studies Boris Michev 255-9566 bm19@cornell.edu Urban Studies – Europe Sarah How 255-9478 seh4@cornell.edu Veterinary Medicine Susanne Whitaker 253-3499 skw2@cornell.edu Water Resources Jill Powell 255-8701 jhp1@cornell.edu Women's Studies Brenda Marston 255-3530 bjm4@cornell.edu Women's Studies - Europe Sarah How 255-9478 seh4@cornell.edu last revised, 9/9/11, fm Send changes to Fred Muratori ]
46 ; http://www.library.cornell.edu/colldev/cddescript1.html ; []
48 ; http://www.library.cornell.edu/svcs/libraryspaces ; [ Search , Course Help Research Help Library Services Requests , These library spaces are available to faculty, students and staff. Find out how to reserve spaces and which areas have computers, printers and other equipment. For additional information about checking out rooms and carrels, please see the website of the indvidual libraries. Auditoriums Cafés Classrooms Computer Labs Group Study Rooms Meeting Rooms for Students for Faculty for Staff ]
66 ; http://www.library.cornell.edu/scholarlycomm/affordable/ ; [ Introduction Publishing is both a model and a method, an art and a craft, for making an information asset publicly or generally known, of declaring or reporting openly, to place before or offer to the public [1]. It is generally understood that the complex process of publishing a scholarly work involves a suite of interdependent activities: Acquisition: the identification and evaluation of intellectually and financially viable properties, the peer reviewing of these projects, the negotiation of rights with property owners, and the cultivation and management of relationships with authors, editors, and stakeholders. Development: editorial intervention to add structural and grammatical value to a work. Design: the transformation of text and graphical material into aesthetically satisfy works on paper and on-line through an understanding of the principles of visual communications (typography and graphic architecture). Production: the manufacturing of a work on paper, or on line. Marketing and Distribution: the research, development and execution of cost-effective campaigns and strategies to achieve maximum exposure, and sales, of the finished work. , Publishing at Cornell University Technical innovations and economic pressures still cast a long shadow over the scholarly publishing community. Readers&#8217; and users&#8217; appetites have become more sophisticated while the cost structures for managing and delivering book and especially journal content electronically have become far more complex. , Project Euclid Five years ago, the Cornell University Library submitted a proposal to the Andrew W. Mellon Foundation to support the design and deployment of a mechanism and environment for the on-line distribution of serial literature in mathematics and statistics. That initiative &#8212; Project Euclid &#8212; was funded in 2000 and launched as a multi-model publishing service in early 2003. Today Euclid, the flagship product of the Library&#8217;s Electronic Publishing Program, delivers nearly 40 journals to libraries and individuals via subscription or open access. Project Euclid is a novel and influential contribution to the debate about the future of scholarly communications. The Euclid model offers a remedial and sustainable prototype for how serial literature for academic communities of common practice can be enriched and delivered cost-effectively. &quot;SPARC has had the opportunity to work closely with Cornell&#8217;s Project Euclid team since the earliest stages. I know first-hand of their commitment to serving the needs of libraries and scholars. I am confident that Project Euclid will reflect the best practices and policies of SPARC and its publishing partners, with our shared mission of 'Returning Scholarship to Scholars.'&quot; &#8212; Rick Johnson, Enterprise Director, Scholarly Publishing and Academic Resources Coalition (SPARC) , DPubS Building on the success of Project Euclid, the Library is undertaking an equally ambitious project to enhance and extend the software system originally developed to deliver journal content from the Project Euclid publishers. Digital Publishing Systems and Services (DPubS) will provide authors, editors, and publishers with a more cost-effective way to capture, transform, distribute, and archive digital scholarly research. The enhancement of the DPubS platform, which supports Project Euclid, will include the following developments: Create a general purpose publishing system Provide on-line editorial management services to support peer review activities Upgrade the administrative functionality and interface, and Provide interoperability with institutional repository systems The new version of DPubS will be developed by the Library in partnership with the Pennsylvania State University Libraries and the University Press and will be made available to research institutions, university presses, and scholarly societies worldwide as a scalable, modular open source system in 2006. To learn more about the DPubS development agenda, please visit http://dpubs.org , Publishing Services The Library will also offer suite of publishing service for authors and editors seeking economies of scale within the hospitable environment of a leading academic institution. We are contributing our extensive expertise in the management of digital files to ensure that best practices in digital preservation are applied to online scholarly content. The mission of the Electronic Publishing Program is to develop and deploy cost-effective publishing products, and to catalyze and educate the local community of editors and authors. Our goal is to foster the practice of affordable scholarly communications through innovation. Our staff of seasoned publishers and skilled programmers and project managers bring perspective to the technically complex and dynamically social craft of making scholarly research public. , Alternative Publishing Options and Experiments arXiv: A very active archive for pre-prints, mainly in physics, mathematics and computer science maintained by the Cornell University Library. This is probably the single most successful effort to date to create a new method of exchanging high quality scholarly information. Cornell Technical Reports Repository: A repository for use by Cornell scholars maintained by the Cornell University Library. The Scholarly Publishing and Academic Resources Coalition (SPARC): An increasingly successful effort to create journals that will compete with specific, highly priced journals. Digital Library of the Commons (Indiana Univ.) E-Scholarship (Univ. of California): A kind of launch pad for scholarly electronic information. BioMed Central: A very innovative commercial service that makes refereed journals freely accessible to the world. Budapest Open Access Initiative: A new program that calls for self-archiving by scholars and the creation of new, open-access journals. Public Library of Science: An agreement by scholars not to publish in journals that do not make their articles freely accessible within six months of publication. &nbsp; Footnote 1. OED Online, 2/e (1989) ]
51 ; http://www.library.cornell.edu/annex/staff_faqs ; [ Search , Course Help Research Help Library Services Requests , Staff FAQs What types of materials are accepted at the Library Annex Library? Items accepted include books (monographs, multi-volume monographs, serials not currently received), oversize and folio sizes, gray boards, 3 ring binders, pamphlets, paperbacks, flat paper storage (maps; architectural drawings), videos, microfilm, microfiche, CDs, DVDs, audio cassettes, and floppy disks.  All materials must have an item record in Voyager and be barcoded for acceptance into the Library Annex.  See Procedures. What types of materials are not accepted at the Library Annex? No circulating duplicates will be accepted at the Library Annex.  See Procedures. How do I get items transferred to the Library Annex? The Library Annex Move Form should be completed and forwarded as directed. Can I have an item transferred to the Library Annex if it is rare? Yes, but it must be approved by RMC in Kroch Library. See Procedures. How are items handled if a library has a large collection shift? Large collections shifts are complex tasks that involve countless decisions by librarians, extensive and time-consuming work by technical services staff, and comprehensive reporting to support collection analysis, direct the movement of material, and facilitate record clean-up.  Various issues must be considered.  See Large Collections Shifts. How can an item be removed from the Library Annex? See Library Annex Request Form Who can update Library Annex records in Voyager? Send all requests for updates to Barb Tarbox, DBQE, Rm. 107E Olin Library. How do I contact the Library Annex? Library Annex Information E-mail: libannex@cornell.edu Address: Palm Road, Cornell University, Ithaca, NY 14853(off Route 366, near the Cornell apple orchard - see map) Phone: (607) 253-3431  - Fax: (607) 253-4280 Holdings: Printed volumes: 2,543,622; Archival: 31,301 cubic feet (most are included in holdings for the various libraries on campus) Administration: Kornelia Tancheva Director, John M. Olin Library and Uris LibraryDirector, Library AnnexTelephone: (607) 255-3774        Fax: (607) 255-3609 kt18@cornell.edu Staff: Cammie Wyckoff Administrative Supervisor (607) 253-3514 cjh8@cornell.edu ]
52 ; http://www.library.cornell.edu/colldev/cdnortheuropeanlit.html ; []
155 ; http://www.library.cornell.edu/aboutus/inside/policies ; [ Search , Course Help Research Help Library Services Requests , The following policies have been established by the Cornell University Library. Guidelines for Using Public Domain Text, Images, Audio, and Video from Cornell Library Collections Library Room Use Policies and Guidelines (Olin, Uris, and Kroch) Mann Meeting Room Guidelines Nondisclosure Clauses in Licenses Olin, Kroch, and Uris Building Policies Privacy and Confidentiality in the Cornell University Library User Art Exhibition in Public Areas of Olin/Kroch Asia and Uris Libraries Additional circulation policies can be found on the library's Borrowing and Delivery page. ]
55 ; http://www.library.cornell.edu/svcs/serve/classinst ; [ Search , Course Help Research Help Library Services Requests , Mission Statement: The library's instruction mission is to enhance learning and integrate information competency into the curriculum. Library staff partner with faculty and other instructors to help all members of the academic community to find their way into collections, and to master research techniques and methods. In a rapidly changing information and education environment, we help them learn the skills needed to  find, read, evaluate, and use complex resources from the Cornell University Library and beyond, in a confident, efficient, and ethical fashion. Learning Outcomes: Students will develop an understanding of how scholarly information is formally and informally produced, organized and disseminated in order to select appropriate research tools and resources relevant to their field of inquiry. Students will find and use relevant information available from the Library collections, the internet, and other sources in order to confidently access needed information effectively and efficiently. Students will be able to evaluate information sources critically according to selected criteria (such as authority, currency, bias, etc) in order to select appropriate sources to inform their research. Students will analyze and synthesize the information they find in order to accomplish a specific purpose (a paper, presentation, movie, etc.). Students will develop an understanding of the ethical and legal issues surrounding the use of information in order to use, cite, and acknowledge information sources appropriately Faculty can request library instruction sessions that are custom-designed to meet the special needs of their classes by contacting the Instruction Coordinator of their respective library or filling out this form. Individual libraries of CUL also offer a wide variety of open workshops designed to assist patrons in developing skills in library research, information management and computer applications. These workshops are free and open to registered Cornell students, faculty and staff. Below are the workshop offerings by unit library. Africana Library Catherwood Library (Industrial and Labor Relations) In-Depth Research Assistance Subject-specific Classes Library Tours Internet Training Introduction to Library Resources Lexis-NexisTraining RefWorks CISER SAS Programming, Parts 1 and 2 SPSS Programming, Parts 1 and 2 Stata Programming Atlas.ti Introduction to Matlab CIT's Technology Training Program Engineering Library Customized Classes for: New Student Orientation, Tours Library Research (basic, advanced) Engineering Information Competencies Patent Searching Consultations for: Video and Audio Production Linux Image Editing Dreamweaver (introduction) Fine Arts Library Geneva Experiment Station Library Hotel (Nestlé Library) New Student Orientations Hospitality Research Interview Preparation Finance Managerial Communications Real Estate Food and Beverage Management Johnson Graduate School of Management Library Bloomberg 101 Building Better Business Plans Business Abroad: Know Your Space Competitive Intelligence Consumer Market Research Interview Preparation: Research Makes the Difference MBA Starter Kit: Research for Success Orientations SGE Career Research Law Library Mann Library Introductory EndNote ArcGIS - I &amp; II Manifold GIS Introduction to Refworks Bloomberg Info Session Olin &amp; Uris Libraries eBooks at Cornell Essential Research Tools Finding Images Genealogy Google Earth Google Maps Grants &amp; Fellowships Have Your Research Delivered to You! HTML I, II and Style Sheets Legal and Legislative Research for the Rest of Us Managing Information &amp; Note Taking Strategies Excel and Powerpoint 2010 Personal Digital Archiving Adobe Photoshop Refworks (Basic and for Grad Students) Show Me The Money! Funding Beyond Cornell Statistical Databases for the Social Sciences Physical Sciences Library Library Research Sessions Consultations Rare and Manuscript Collections Veterinary Library ]
57 ; http://www.library.cornell.edu/colldev/cdjgsm.html ; []
59 ; http://www.library.cornell.edu/aboutus/visit/address ; [ Search , Course Help Research Help Library Services Requests , Cornell University Library can be reached at: 201 Olin Library Cornell University Ithaca, NY 14853 Phone: (607) 255-3393Fax: (607) 255-6788 Map of the Libraries , Africana Library 310 Triphammer Road Ithaca, NY 14850United States See map: Google Maps Kroch Library, Division of Rare &amp; Manuscript Collections Level 2B, Kroch Library Ithaca, NY 14853United States See map: Google Maps Medical Library 1300 York Avenue New York, NY 10065United States See map: Google Maps Engineering Library Librarians&#039; Office 103A, 103B Carpenter Hall Ithaca, NY 14853United States See map: Google Maps Law Library Myron Taylor Hall Ithaca, NY 14853United States See map: Google Maps Music Library Lincoln Hall Ithaca, NY 14853United States See map: Google Maps Entomology Library 2114 Comstock Hall Ithaca, NY 14853United States See map: Google Maps Library Annex Palm Road Ithaca, NY 14853United States See map: Google Maps Olin Library Cornell University Ithaca, NY 14853United States See map: Google Maps Fine Arts Library Rand Hall Ithaca, NY 14853United States See map: Google Maps Management Library 101 Sage Hall Ithaca, NY 14853United States See map: Google Maps Ornithology Library 159 Sapsucker Woods Road Ithaca, NY 14850United States See map: Google Maps Geneva Experiment Station Library 630 W. North Street Geneva, NY 14456United States See map: Google Maps Mann Library Cornell University Ithaca, NY 14853United States See map: Google Maps Physical Sciences Library (Edna McConnell Clark Library) 283 Clark Hall Ithaca, NY 14853United States See map: Google Maps Hotel Library G80 Statler Hall Ithaca, NY 14853United States See map: Google Maps Mathematics Library 420 Malott Hall Ithaca, NY 14853United States See map: Google Maps Uris Library Cornell University Ithaca, NY 14853United States See map: Google Maps Industrial and Labor Relations Library Tower Road Ithaca, NY 14850United States See map: Google Maps Medical Center Archives 1300 York Ave. # 34 New York, NY 10065-4805United States See map: Google Maps Veterinary Library S2 160 Veterinary Education Center Ithaca, NY 14850United States See map: Google Maps Kroch Library, Division of Asia Collections Level 1, Kroch Library Ithaca, NY 14853United States See map: Google Maps ]
60 ; http://www.library.cornell.edu/aboutus/inside ; [ Search , Course Help Research Help Library Services Requests , Libraries Central Departments History and Purpose Library Publications Public Policies Strategic Plan ]
61 ; http://www.library.cornell.edu/africana/thesis/date.html ; []
62 ; http://www.library.cornell.edu/colldev/cdmaps.html ; []
68 ; http://www.library.cornell.edu/aboutus/visit/weill ; [ Search , Course Help Research Help Library Services Requests , For information on Ithaca campus visitors' privileges at Weill Cornell Medical College, see the Weill Cornell Library visitors policy. Privileges for Weill Faculty, Staff and Student Visitors to the Ithaca Campus Weill Cornell Medical College faculty, staff and students are eligible to borrow materials from any of the Ithaca and Geneva campus libraries. Users must obtain a library card, which will be valid for one year from the date of issue. (It is renewable upon request and verification of status.) Request a library card through the Library Public Services office in 116 Olin Library libpublicservices@cornell.edu; (607) 255-5069 or through the Mann Library Circulation office mann_circ@cornell.edu, (607) 255-3296. Your library card must be presented to check out materials, but is not needed to use the collections on-site. Your library card number may be used to access catalog request and renewal functions. Loan Periods and Fine Policy: Books Other materials* Overdue fine (BOOKS) Overdue Fine (Other materials*) Recall fine Lost Item Charge Faculty / Staff 1 year Varies n/a $2.00/day $3.00/day $100** Graduate Student 6 months Varies $.75/day $2.00/day $3.00/day $100** * Other materials include journals, videos, CDs and special collection materials. Most items circulate for 1 to 14 days. Check individual library for loan policy.** Some replacement fees may be higher Recall Privileges: Weill Cornell Medical users may place recalls for books currently checked out. Books are due back within 14 days of recall, and may be picked up any Ithaca or Geneva campus library. For pickup at WCMC in New York City, please do not recall the book, but request through Weill Interlibrary Loan: http://library.weill.cornell.edu/ill/. Please note that any borrowed book may be recalled by another Cornell user. Book and Document Delivery Requests: Document Delivery: Faculty, staff and students may request copies of journal articles, book chapters and other materials located in the print collection of the Ithaca/Geneva Cornell Libraries. Documents will be scanned and made available on the web as PDF files. For complete information, see: http://cornell.hosts.atlas-sys.com/illiad/mydocumentdelivery/index.html. Book delivery: Patrons can request that a book be shipped from one library to a library of their choosing for more convenient pick-up. Requests are made electronically using the CU Library Catalog. For more information, see: http://www.library.cornell.edu/svcs/borrow/otherculNote: for delivery to New York City, please use Weill Interlibrary Loan: http://library.weill.cornell.edu/ill/ Returns: Library materials may be returned to any Cornell library (Ithaca, Geneva or WCMC). If returning Ithaca/Geneva materials at the WCMC library, please inform the staff that you are returning items belonging to the Ithaca/Geneva campus. Renewals: Items that have not been recalled can be renewed online through My Account. Enter your library card number and last name. Alumni and Retirees of Weill Cornell Medical College are eligible to access materials onsite, but do not have borrowing privileges. Library cards may be purchased through the Library Public Services Office, 116 Olin Library, (607) 255-5069 office or the Mann Library Circulation office. All users who are current New York State residents are eligible for borrowing privileges at the contract college libraries (Mann, ILR, Geneva, Vet and Entomology). Contact the Mann Library Circulation office for obtaining a card.For additional information, please contact: Library Public Services office, 116 Olin Library: libpublicservices@cornell.edu; (607) 255-5069. Hours: M – Th: 8:30am – 4:30pm; Fri 8:30am – 3:30pm. Mann Library Circulation office: mann_circ@cornell.edu; (607) 255-3296. Hours: M – F 8:30am – 5:00pm Contact Individual Libraries ]
64 ; http://www.library.cornell.edu/colldev/cdlatinamerica.html ; []
65 ; http://www.library.cornell.edu/hours ; [ Search , Course Help Research Help Library Services Requests , Fall Fall hours (table) Fall hours (PDF) Fall breaks (table) Winter Winter hours (PDF) Spring Spring hours (PDF) Parking , Accessible alternative to the map Javascript is required to view this map. ]
67 ; http://www.library.cornell.edu/Adminops/libhumres/i9.html ; []
63 ; http://www.library.cornell.edu/ill/contactillstaff.html ; []
69 ; http://www.library.cornell.edu/colldev/cdgeography.html ; []
43 ; http://www.library.cornell.edu/visualresources/digitization ; [ Search , Course Help Research Help Library Services Requests , Research ToolsResearch SupportDigitizationEquipment &amp; SoftwareCopyrightFAQ Convert your analog materials into a digital format for electronic use and distribution. Create digital versions of content including books, journals, photographs, and analog audio and video. Services also include developing digital publications accessible on the web that are easy for you to manage and preserve. Digital Imaging Service Centers Academic Technology Center (ATC) 124 Computer and Communications Center atc_support@cornell.edu Faculty, instructors, and graduate TAs can receive assistance, training, and support in the use of computer technologies for instruction. Consultants are also available to assist in preparing or editing course materials. Contact ATC to set up an appointment regarding digitizing materials. Services include: Flatbed and slide scanning A/V support Digital Consulting and Production Services (DCAPS) 107 Olin Library dcaps@cornell.edu Cornell University Library, a pioneer in the creation and management of digital resources, has assembled a team of experts to plan, create, organize, and archive images and information for Cornell's faculty, staff and community partners. Whether it is turning a slide collection into an online resource for global sharing or digitizing photos and articles for a single class, the DCAPS staff is recognized worldwide for developing digital collections in support of instructional and research activities. We create digital resources that are easy to use, manage, and share. Preliminary consultation is free and fees are low. Services include: Scanning of slides, photographs, monographs and oversized materials Color-managed workflow Upload to Luna and ARTstor Metadata services Self-Service Scanning Facilities Academic Technology Center (ATC) G27 Stimson Hall Faculty, instructors, and graduate TAs are welcome to use the state-of-the-art computers, software, and other multi-media equipment available at the Academic Technology Center to prepare course materials, or to develop instructional technology resources for a course. Resources include: Flatbed and slide scanners A/V hardware Cornell Library Collaborative Learning Computer Laboratory (CL3) Gallery Level, Uris Library There are nine Creation Stations available in the Cornell Library Collaborative Learning Computer Laboratory (CL3) in Uris Library. The CL3 is located on the Gallery Level in Uris at the bottom of the stairs to your left when you enter the building. These computers are for use by students for course-related projects. Resources include: Large format flatbed scanners A/V hardware Mann Library Ag Quad Mann Library has several scanners available for free public use in the Stone Computing Center and computer classrooms. The scanners are equipped to scan slides and negatives as well as opaque media. All scanners are available on a first come first serve basis. Scanner users have first priority over e-mail/web surfers on computers that are connected to scanners. Resources include: Epson flatbed and Ricoh oversized scanners A/V production room (room 261) Olin Library Maps and Media Center Lower Level, Olin Library Olin Library offers a variety of equipment for your scanning needs. The Maps and Media Center is located on the lower level of Olin at the bottom of the stairs to the left of the building entrance. Resources include: Flatbed scanners Oversized map scanner Microfilm scanner Automated document scanner Document Delivery Services Cornell University Library Document Delivery Document Delivery is a service for Cornell students, faculty and staff that provides electronic scans of articles and book chapters from material held by Cornell University Library. All libraries on the Ithaca and Geneva campuses offer this service. Follow the link above for a complete listing of available services. ]
72 ; http://www.library.cornell.edu/annex/news/expansionproject/publicity ; [ Search , Course Help Research Help Library Services Requests , Publicity About the Annex Expansion Project A letter from the University Librarian to the faculty (March 1997) Articles from Kaleidoscope, the monthly CUL staff newsletter: "Moving with Confidence" (January 1998) "The Library Annex Expands in All Directions" (October 1997) "Filling the New Library Annex: What Is Going, When?" (March 1997) "Designing a New Library Annex" (March 1996) "Warehouse, Depository, Annex?" (October 1995) ]
73 ; http://www.library.cornell.edu/resrch/libguides/14 ; [ Search , Course Help Research Help Library Services Requests ]
75 ; http://www.library.cornell.edu/svcs/borrow/renew ; [ Search , Course Help Research Help Library Services Requests , Renewing Books Most borrowed materials are renewable through the catalog, or onsite at the library. To renew items online: Cornell - owned items: Click on My Account (found in the menu bar on library web pages) Click on ‘Renew Cornell items' At the authentication screen, enter your Net ID or Guest ID and password. Select the items you wish to renew, or choose "Renew all items from Cornell University Library" at the bottom of the screen. Note: some items may not be renewable (see Problems section below). Make note of the renewal status and new due dates for all items (may involve paging through multiple screens in you have lots of books) Contact the circulation desk if you are unable to view or renew your books, or if you have questions about the accuracy of the items listed.  (See Problems section below.) Interlibrary Loan items: Most interlibrary loans can be renewed. Renewal eligibility and restrictions are marked on the band attached to the book cover. A renewal may be requested by phone, email, in person, through your My Account page, or through the Interlibrary Loan website. To renew through My Account: Click on My Account (found in the menu bar on library website pages) Click on "Renew Interlibrary Loan items" At the authentication screen, enter your Net ID and password Under the View menu, select "Checked out items" and click on the Transaction Number of the item to be renewed Click "Renew request" at the top of the page. If that option is not available, contact your Interlibrary Loan office: Olin Library, 255-9564, olin-ils@cornell.edu Mann, Geneva or Veterinary Library, 255-7754, mann_ill@cornell.edu Law Library, 255-5750, law-ils@cornell.edu Borrow Direct items: Borrow Direct items may be renewed in the same way as items owned by Cornell. Follow instructions for renewing Cornell-owned items. Note that Borrow Direct items are limited to one renewal. Problems renewing books: Not all items may be renewable. Reasons why renewals may be blocked: Short term loans, equipment or special collection materials may not be renewable Items with pending requests (recalls or holds) are not renewable Items more than 27 days overdue are not renewable (this period may vary with type of material) Your account has expired Your account has reached a block threshold. These blocks include exceeding the limit on unpaid fines, unreturned books, overdue recalls, number of items on loan, or number of overdue items. The maximum number of renewals has been reached. For Borrow Direct and Interlibrary Loan items, the number of renewals is very limited (one in most cases). The system may be temporarily offline (in such cases, there should be a message about the outage on the library home page) On rare occasions, the issuing library may have undergone a change that affects its loan matrix, which may prevent renewal of items borrowed from that library If you believe there is an error in your list of books (items listed that you never borrowed or that you believe you have returned), or to report lost, damaged or stolen items, please contact the owning library and speak with the circulation supervisor as soon as possible, or contact the Library Public Services Office, 116 Olin Library, (607) 255-5069, libpublicservices@cornell.edu. ]
77 ; http://www.library.cornell.edu/resrch/rsrchform ; [ Search , Course Help Research Help Library Services Requests , To request a research consultation appointment with a Cornell University Library reference staff member or subject librarian, please use the form below. In general, priority is given to members of the Cornell community. Whenever possible, requests will be responded to within two business days by librarians who will then schedule an appointment with you. If you need assistance more quickly, please stop by a reference desk or contact us via phone, chat, IM or e-mail. Your name: * Your e-mail address: * for example, xxx@cornell.edu Status: * - Select -Cornell Undergraduate StudentCornell Graduate StudentCornell FacultyCornell StaffOther Select a library: * - Select -Adelson Library (Lab of OrnithologyAfricana LibraryEngineering LibraryEntomology LibraryFine Arts LibraryGeneva LibraryHotel LibraryIndustrial &amp;amp; Labor Relations LibraryKroch Library (Asia)Kroch Library (Division of Rare and Manuscript Collections)Management LibraryMann Library (Agriculture, Life Sciences and Selected Social Sciences)Mathematics LibraryMusic LibraryOlin Library (Humanities &amp;amp; Social Sciences)Physical Sciences LibraryUris Library (Humanities &amp;amp; Social Sciences)Veterinary LibraryWeill Cornell Medical Library (New York CityWeill Cornell Medical College-Qatar, Distributed eLibrary Your research assignment or project: * Please describe your assignment or project and, if available, include information on the type of resources you need. Please also include information on when your research is due and when you are generally available to meet. Select a library from the list below or send your request to Olin Library if you are unsure which one to contact. The staff will confer with subject specialists and refer your request appropriately. A reference staff member or subject librarian can assist you in: * Finding information resources in print or online * Planning a research strategy * Designing catalog and database searches * Conducting literature searches for grant proposals or other reports * Navigating to journal articles, images, data sources or digital texts * Using citation management software, such as RefWorks or EndNote A few examples of typical research consultations include: Undergraduate students Writing course term papers or honors theses Sharing citations with other students on a team project Graduate students Identifying databases and other resources for thesis work Formulating reference styles for journal article submission Compiling and managing a personal citation database Faculty Locating resources for research or grant proposals Integrating a large citation database into manuscript preparation Compiling and displaying source materials for a course Web site Campus administrative and professional staff Locating sources for statistical data for reports and presentations Posting a database of subject references on a Web site By submitting this form, you accept the Mollom privacy policy. ]
78 ; http://www.library.cornell.edu/colldev/cdiberianhistory.html ; []
80 ; http://www.library.cornell.edu/Access_Services_Staff ; [ Search , Course Help Research Help Library Services Requests , Access Services Contacts The staff listed below are the primary contacts for Circulation, Reserve and Billing operations in each library For questions about Interlibrary Loan or Borrow Direct, see the Interlibrary Loan page for contact information. This information is current as of July 2011. Please contact the webmaster to submit updates. Africana (John Henrik Clarke Africana Library) Location: 310 Triphammer Rd., Ithaca, NY 14850 Circulation, Reserve, Billing: Sharon Powers, 255-3822 Annex (Library Annex) Location: Palm Rd. (near the Cornell Apple Orchards off of Rt. 366) Circulation: Cammie Wyckoff, 253-3431 Billing: Michelle Hubbell, 255-5069 Engineering Location: Carpenter Hall, ground floor The Engineering Library closed as of 7/1/11.  Questions concerning loans and fines should be directed to Natalie Sheridan (Math Library), 254-3568.  Questions about course reserves should be directed to Tony Del Plato, Olin/Uris Reserve (255-1882). Entomology (Comstock Memorial Library of Entomology) Location: Comstock Hall, 2nd floor Circulation, Reserve: Betsy Bush, 255-3296; 255-9569 Billing: Angela Morse, 255-1040 Interlibrary Loan: Margie Ditmars, 254-7754 Fine Arts Location: Sibley Hall, 2nd floor Circulation, Reserve, Billing: Carla Bahn, 255-3710 Geneva (Frank A. Lee Library) Location: Jordan Hall, NYSAES, 630 West North St., Geneva, NY 14456 Circulation, Interlibrary Loan, Reserve, Billing: Mike Fordon, 49-214 (tie line to Geneva from Ithaca campus); or 315-787-2214 Hotel (Nestle Library) Location: Statler Hall, ground floor Circulation, Billing and Reserve: Jessica Withers (255-0292) ILR (Catherwood Library) Location: Ives Hall, 2nd floor Circulation, Reserve: Angie Wagner (255-3100) or Vanessa Ng (255-2098) Billing: Angie Wagner (255-3100) JGSM (Johnson Graduate School of Management Library) Location: Sage Hall, ground floor Circulation, Billing: Lee Ringland (255-3389) Reserve: Barbara Bartholomew (255-3389) Law Location: Myron Taylor Hall, 3rd floor Circulation: Janet Gillespie (255-5854) Reserve, Billing: Jane Drumheller (255-7236) Interlibrary Loan: Jane Drumheller or Kathy Hartman (255-5750) Mann Location: Ag Quad, east side (Tower Rd., Cornell University, Ithaca, NY 14853) Circulation, Billing: Tom Clausen (255-7965) Reserve: Betsy Bush (255-9569) Interlibrary Loan: Margie Ditmars (254-7754) Math Location: 420 Malott Hall, Tower Rd. Circulation, Reserve, Billing: Natalie Sheridan (254-3568) Music (Sidney Cox Library of Music and Dance) Location: Lincoln Hall, 2nd floor Circulation, Reserve, Billing: Lenora Schneller (255-4011) Olin / Kroch Location: Arts Quad, south side Circulation: Olin Circulation (255-4245); supervisor Bethany Silfer (255-3758) Reserve: Tony Del Plato (255-1882) Billing: Michelle Hubbell (255-5069) Ornithology (Adelson Library) Location: 159 Sapsucker Woods Rd., Ithaca, NY 14850 Circulation: George Dillmann (254-2165) Billing: Marty Schlabach (255-6919) Physical Sciences (Edna McConnell Clark Physical Sciences Library) Location: Clark Hall, 2nd floor The Physical Sciences Library closed as of 12/19/09.  For questions about Physical Sciences library services, materials, loans, fines or course reserves, please contact the Math Library and speak with Natalie Sheridan (254-3568). Uris Location: Arts Quad, south side (clock tower) Circulation: Uris Circulation (255-3537); supervisor Bethany Silfer (255-3785) Reserve: Tony Del Plato (255-1882) Billing: Michelle Hubbell (255-5069) Vet (Flower-Sprecher Veterinary Library) Location: S2 160 Vet Education Center, Tower Road Circulation, Reserve, Billing: Christine Dunham (253-3512) Interlibrary Loan: Cindy Lamb (253-3513) ]
192 ; http://www.library.cornell.edu/africana/news/ ; []
81 ; http://www.library.cornell.edu/resrch/libguides/15 ; [ Search , Course Help Research Help Library Services Requests ]
83 ; http://www.library.cornell.edu/aboutus/nondisclosure ; [ Search , Course Help Research Help Library Services Requests , Cornell University Library’s Position on Nondisclosure Clauses in Licenses To promote openness and fairness among libraries licensing scholarly resources, Cornell University Library will not enter into vendor contracts that require nondisclosure of pricing information or other information that does not constitute a trade secret. All new and renewed licenses submitted with nondisclosure clauses will not be signed but henceforth will be referred to the Associate University Librarian for Scholarly Resources and Special Collections for further negotiation. Background and Rationale Occasionally in licenses governing electronic resources, publishers will request that the Cornell University Library (CUL) treat the subscription price as confidential information and not disclose it to third parties. In the past, some libraries have tolerated these clauses in the belief that they might result in a lower cost. This, however, is a position that CUL can no longer accept. It has become apparent to the library community that the anticompetitive conduct engaged in by some publishing firms is in part a result of the inclusion of nondisclosure agreements in contracts.1 As Robert Darnton recently noted, by “keeping the terms secret, … one library cannot negotiate for cheaper rates by citing an advantage obtained by another library.”2 For this reason, the International Coalition of Library Consortia’s “Statement of Current Perspective and Preferred Practices for the Selection and Purchase of Electronic Information” states that “Non-disclosure language should not be required for any licensing agreement, particularly language that would preclude library consortia from sharing pricing and other significant terms and conditions with other consortia.”3 The more that libraries are able to communicate with one another about vendor offers, the better they are able to weigh the costs and benefits of any individual offer. An open market will result in better licensing terms. Additionally, nondisclosure agreements conflict with the needs of CUL librarians and staff to work openly, collaboratively, and transparently. This conflict increases the likelihood that the terms of a nondisclosure agreement would be inadvertently violated, posing a threat to the university. CUL endorses, therefore, the position of the Association of Research Libraries that its member libraries should not sign (or accept new or revised) agreements that include confidentiality or nondisclosure clauses. CUL will share upon request information contained in these agreements (save for trade secrets or proprietary technical details).4 Most publishers find that non-disclosure agreements are not necessary. Among the numerous journal and ebook publishers and aggregators whose current contracts with us omit non-disclosure clauses are the American Institute of Physics (AIP), American Physical Society (APS), ASTM International, American Society for Microbiology (ASM), American Chemical Society (ACS), Bloomberg, Cambridge University Press, EBSCO, Elsevier, IEEE, Institute of Physics (IOP), Knovel, Oxford University Press, Proquest, Sage, SPIE, Taylor &amp; Francis, and Wiley. 1. Susman, Thomas M., “Statement By Thomas M. Susman on Behalf of the Information Access Alliance Prepared for the U.S. Department Of Justice and Federal Trade Commission Hearings on Single-Firm Anticompetitive Conduct, Washington, D.C., November 2006.” http://www.informationaccess.org/bm~doc/iaa_doj_ftc.pdf 2. Darnton, Robert, “The Library: Three Jeremiads,” New York Review of Books, 57:20 (Dec. 23, 2010). http://www.nybooks.com/articles/archives/2010/dec/23/library-three-jeremiads/ 3. International Coalition of Library Consortia (ICOLC), “Statement of Current Perspective and Preferred Practices for Selection and Purchase of Electronic Information (Update No. 2, Pricing and Economics, October, 2004).” http://www.library.yale.edu/consortia/2004currentpractices.htm 4. “ARL Encourages Members to Refrain from Signing Nondisclosure or Confidentiality Clauses.” Research Library Issues: A Bimonthly Report from ARL, CNI, and SPARC, no. 264 (June 2009): 1–2. http://www.arl.org/b~doc/rli-264-nondisclosure.pdf ]
18 ; http://www.library.cornell.edu/resrch/intro/dissert ; [ Search , Course Help Research Help Library Services Requests , Using ProQuest Dissertations &amp; Theses database to find PhD dissertations ProQuest Dissertations &amp; Theses database contains records for PhD dissertations from 1861 through the present, and it allows you to search via keyword, date or institution. This is often the fastest way to find electronic versions of Cornell dissertations. There are two ways to find Cornell dissertations. You can search Dissertations &amp; Theses @ Cornell University and the Weill Medical College, a subset of ProQuest Dissertations &amp; Theses, or go to ProQuest Dissertations &amp; Theses and choose the Advanced Search. In a search box, type "Cornell"; from the adjacent drop-down menu, select School name/code and enter your search terms in the remaining search boxes to target your search. From the results, you can use citations to search the Cornell Library catalog for individual titles. In some cases, results will have the full-text of the dissertation and/or links to purchase the dissertation. Using the Library Catalog to find theses and dissertations at Cornell Using the Advanced Search option, enter your search terms and limit the Library to "Cornell University Library" and the Content type by "Thesis/dissertation." Full-text online in eCommons@Cornell Some authors have chosen to make their dissertations available in full-text online via the Graduate School's collection in eCommons@Cornell, Cornell's online institutional repository. Some dissertations are openly available to the Cornell community and the general public while others are stored in eCommons@Cornell, but are closed to the Cornell community and the general public (though abstracts are viewable). Permission to view closed dissertations can be requested from the author by using the contact form. Requests are forwarded to the author. In eCommons@Cornell you can search or browse the dissertations by title, author or date. Click on the title of the dissertation and choose View/Open to get the PDF. Locating dissertations written by degree candidates at other institutions ProQuest Dissertations &amp; Theses database provides subject, title and author indexing to PhD dissertations accepted at accredited institutions throughout the United States as well as an increasing number of papers accepted abroad. ]
85 ; http://www.library.cornell.edu/annex/policies ; [ Search , Course Help Research Help Library Services Requests , Negative microfilms are to be cataloged by LTS. They are then forwarded to PCM for barcodes.  After barcoding has been completed, all negative microfilms are to be sent to the Library Annex. See  http://lts.library.cornell.edu/lts/pp/sfc/28amicroproc PAL and SECAM Recordings:  Catalog the NTSC copy for the appropriate library; catalog the PAL or SECAM original for the Library Annex.  Note:  Library Annex, loc ---anx, Storage Master, Not for public use, see http://lts.library.cornell.edu/lts/pp/sfc/33video All RMC Archival Theses:  link to http://lts.library.cornell.edu/lts/pp/fas/16thesisprocess o Including Engineering Circulating Theses, see  Theses classifications The following items should be sent to the Library Annex, see http://lts.library.cornell.edu/lts/pp/fas/4fastcat o Olin items classed in G++ should be sent to Library Annex. Change location to: olin,anx o All books in the following South Asian literature classifications (Non-book formats remain in Kroch) ♣ Gujarati literature ♣ Kanarese literature ♣ Konkani literature ♣ Malayalam literature ♣ Marathi literature ♣ Panjabi literature ♣ Telugu literature o All Veterinary Senior Seminar Papers See http://lts.library.cornell.edu/lts/pp/fas/16thesisprocess#vet ]
162 ; http://www.library.cornell.edu/colldev/cdhome1.html ; []
86 ; http://www.library.cornell.edu/colldev/cdphysics.html ; []
87 ; http://www.library.cornell.edu/colldev/cdastronomy.html ; []
306 ; http://www.library.cornell.edu/finearts/reference.html ; []
47 ; http://www.library.cornell.edu/resrch/libguides/18 ; [ Search , Course Help Research Help Library Services Requests ]
89 ; http://www.library.cornell.edu/getstarted ; [ Search , Course Help Research Help Library Services Requests , Welcome to Cornell University Library, and to the beginning... of the rest of your life! Just kidding. But this page is intended to introduce you to the Library, both our physical locations and our online resources. No matter which school you're enrolled in or which major you study, any library on campus is open to you -- including their study spaces, public computers, cafes and print materials. And our online materials -- starting with library.cornell.edu -- are available 24/7. All you have to do is ask (a librarian). Take a Library Tour and Orientation Workshop to learn more about the library. Ask a Librarian Visit UsStop by (or set up a research consultation appointment) for help with an assignment or your research ChatChat 24/7 and Mobile Chat are available for Cornell students, faculty, staff, and alumni Phone UsCall one of our reference desks for help Text UsMon-Fri 10 a.m. to 5 p.m. you can send an SMS to 66746 with the keyword culib and your message E-mail UsLibrary staff will respond ASAP, often within 24 hours See what others are askingVisit the Ask a Librarian blog , Choose your school to find your library: College of Agriculture and Life Sciences If you’re a student at the College of Agriculture and Life Sciences, you’ll want to start your library experience at Mann Library: they’ve got the resources you’ll need, and it’s where you’ll find items on reserve for your classes. Also, really good coffee. College of Architecture, Art &amp; Planning If you’re a student at the College of Architecture, Art &amp; Planning, you’ll want to start your library experience at the Fine Arts Library: they’ve got the resources you’ll need, and it’s where you’ll find items on reserve for your classes. College of Arts &amp; Sciences What's your maj-- Oh, right, you probably haven't picked one yet. No worries. In general, students in the College of Arts &amp; Sciences will want to spend time at Olin Library and Uris Library: they cover a wide variety of topics in the humanities, social sciences, and physical sciences. You’ll also find course reserves for classes there, as well as librarians to help you with your research. And Olin Library has a popular café (which can also help with research). Once you decide on a major, you’ll also want to spend time at one of the other libraries on campus: the Africana Library, Fine Arts Library, Kroch Asia Library, Mathematics Library, Music Library, and Physical Sciences Virtual Library will all be there to help, with resources, librarians and reserves for your classes. College of Engineering If you’re a student at the College of Engineering, you’ve got a great resource in the Engineering Virtual Library: librarians to help you, quiet study space to use, and computers with all the software you’ll need. Your class reserves will be held at Uris Library. College of Human Ecology If you’re a student at the College of Human Ecology, you’ll want to start your library experience at Mann Library: they’ve got the resources you’ll need, and it’s where you’ll find items on reserve for your classes. ILR School If you’re a student at the ILR School, you’ll want to start your library experience at Catherwood Library: they’ve got the resources you’ll need, and it’s where you’ll find items on reserve for your classes. School of Hotel Administration If you’re a student at the School of Hotel Administration, you’ll want to start your library experience at the Hotel Library*: they’ve got the resources you’ll need, and it’s where you’ll find items on reserve for your classes. * Admit it: you’re not surprised. ]
90 ; http://www.library.cornell.edu/africana/digital/ ; []
91 ; http://www.library.cornell.edu/aboutus/inside/depts ; [ Search , Course Help Research Help Library Services Requests , These departments provide central support services for Cornell University Library: Alumni Affairs and Development Collection Development Communications Digital Scholarship Services Interlibrary Services Library Administrative Operations: Accounting, Facilities and Business Operations, and Human Resources Library Technical Services: Acquisitions and Automated Technical Services, Cataloging and Metadata Services, and E-Resources, Serials, and Post-Cataloging Services Preservation and Collection Maintenance Research and Assessment Teaching, Research, Outreach, and Learning Services ]
96 ; http://www.library.cornell.edu/colldev/cdnorthamericannewspapers.html ; []
98 ; http://www.library.cornell.edu/africana/about/mudcloth.html ; []
100 ; http://www.library.cornell.edu/resrch/intro/articles ; [ Search , Course Help Research Help Library Services Requests , Articles To find articles on specific topics, start with an article database that covers many subject areas. Searches in databases like Academic Search Premier, LexisNexis Academic, ProQuest or Web of Science provide citations and/or full-text articles. When you find an article that is particularly relevant to your topic, note the references in the bibliography and see if Cornell has any of the journals listed. To find specific articles, you need the citation (author, title, journal, volume, issue, date). Search the Library Catalog by the journal title. If full-text is available electronically, click on the link to the database providing access to the journal. Each database's search function works differently. Generally, once you are in the database, search by article title or author to locate the article. See the Search Tips page for Articles for addtional information about locating articles using library resources. Databases To find subject-specific databases, start with the Library Web site in that subject specialty. For example, if your topic has to do with agriculture, look at Mann Library's Web site. If you topic has to do with engineering, take a look at the Engineering Library's Web site. You can also browse for selected databases by subject. Because not all databases are listed on the Library Web sites, contact a librarian if you do not see a database that addresses your research needs. Images If you are looking for images, particularly for art and architecture classes, see our guide to visual resources at Cornell. ]
101 ; http://www.library.cornell.edu/colldev/cdarchaeology.html ; []
102 ; http://www.library.cornell.edu/ill/olinborrowing.html ; []
103 ; http://www.library.cornell.edu/aboutus/inside/strategicplanning ; [ Search , Course Help Research Help Library Services Requests , Toward 2015: Cornell University Library Strategic Plan, 2011-2015 Goals and Objectives - Goal I: Ensure access to the full scholarly record for the Cornell community.- Goal II: Dramatically improve systems for finding and using scholarly resources.- Goal III: Provide services to support the full cycle of research and scholarly exchange.- Goal IV: Strengthen the educational impact of library programs for students at all levels.- Goal V: Invest in physical and virtual library spaces.- Goal VI: Expand the Library’s reach through public engagement.- Goal VII: Promote an organizational culture that helps library staff succeed in a changing environment and embraces broader engagement with the Cornell community. Library's Ten Priority Objectives for 2011-12 Normal 0 false false false EN-US X-NONE X-NONE Normal 0 false false false EN-US X-NONE X-NONE I.1      Return the Library to its position among the top ten academic institutions in the Association of Research Libraries in terms of collections support. Seek increased allocations from the University, reallocate resources internally, and pursue external funding from donors, foundations, and others to support a vital and outstanding collection. I.2     Build collective and comprehensive collections across the disciplines through the Borrow Direct consortium, our collaboration with Columbia, and other suitable partnerships. Working closely with faculty, identify subject areas in which Cornell can benefit from peer institutions’ strong collections as well as areas in which it can cultivate national and international collections of record. II.1     Enhance and integrate discovery services linking users to scholarly resources, including licensed content. These services will highlight Cornell’s holdings and extend beyond them to reveal all available resources, including those provided by the Library’s partners. III.1     Formalize the network of library liaisons to departments and academic programs across the University to strengthen relationships. Build liaisons’ subject and information expertise to enhance ongoing dialogue with researchers. III.8     Partner to develop and implement sustainable economic models to support repositories and other Cornell-sponsored scholarly communication venues of high value for researchers, such as arXiv and Project Euclid. IV.1    (a) Build information literacy programs to achieve college learning outcomes.  (b) Develop innovative approaches for information and media literacy in partnership with the Center for Teaching Excellence, campus academic technology providers, and college-level centers. Collaborate to provide academic technology support for teaching and learning. V.3     Take the Library to its users through increased virtual services and in-person presence of library subject experts in academic units. VI.1     Seek partnerships and develop projects/programs to strengthen Cornell’s research environment and enhance opportunities for researchers nationally and globally. VII.1     Adopt common, Library-wide strategic priorities, policies, practices, and collaboration tools to enhance effectiveness and service. Promote regular communication and flexible staffing among the units. Engage staff in articulating the distinctive strengths of their units as well as effective shared practices across the library system. VII.2    (a) Emphasize communication, teamwork, and flexibility while defining competencies for all library positions. In particular, delineate clear standards for digital information skills, analytical proficiency, and technical literacy.(b) Recruit, retain, and reward staff with robust skills in these areas.(c) Continuously augment staff skills through training and mentoring. ]
104 ; http://www.library.cornell.edu/aboutus/visit ; [ Search , Course Help Research Help Library Services Requests , Addresses Directions Parking Visitor Privileges Weill Visitors ]
105 ; http://www.library.cornell.edu/africana/about/history.html ; []
106 ; http://www.library.cornell.edu/africana/faculty/guides.html ; []
107 ; http://www.library.cornell.edu/aboutus/collections/strength ; [ Search , Course Help Research Help Library Services Requests , The Cornell University Library's collections encompass a rich and varied universe of printed volumes, digital resources, maps, media, and archival materials. With nearly 8 million volumes, almost 8.5 million microforms, more than 71,000 cubic feet of manuscripts and close to 500,000 other materials, Cornell University Library (CUL) is among the 10 largest academic research libraries in North America. In 2006-07, CUL acquired more than 120,000 new volumes. Subject Strengths The Library has long been known for its nationally prominent collections in Southeast Asia studies, industrial relations, viticulture, and Old Norse and Icelandic materials, as well as for solid research-level collections in agriculture, astronomy, chemistry, classics, French history and literature, human development, mathematics, medieval studies, microbiology, North European language and literature, physics, and western European social sciences. The Library’s material and digital collections are administered by approximately 50 subject librarians. Contact List for Subject Librarians Collection Policies by Subjects Request Form for Library Purchases Digital Collections A leader in digital library research and development since the early 1990’s, CUL is building collections with local and global partners as well as licensing access to a rapidly expanding collection of electronic resources in all fields of scholarship. We have extensive holdings of electronic journals, books, primary texts of various kinds, digital images of fine artworks from around the globe, statistical data files and hundreds of indexes, abstracts and search tools. Registry of Cornell Digital Library Collections Rare Book &amp; Manuscript Collections Cornell University’s rare book and manuscript collections date from the founding of the University in 1865. Andrew Dickson White, Cornell's co-founder and first president, was a life-long book collector who believed that deep collections of primary resources are central to scholarship and teaching. These founding ideas continue to guide Cornell's collection building policies to this day. Collections of rare materials can be found in the Kroch, Catherwood, Law, and Mann libraries. Division of Rare and Manuscript Collections Kheel Center for Labor-Management Documentation &amp; Archives Albert R. Mann Library Law Library Giving Unrestricted gifts, no matter what the amount, help support every facet of Cornell University Library operations -- from enriching our holdings and expanding our resources, to preserving our collections, to improving our services with advanced technology. Find out more about Giving Opportunities. ]
121 ; http://www.library.cornell.edu/colldev/cdbritishhistory.html ; []
110 ; http://www.library.cornell.edu/services/email.html ; [ Search , Course Help Research Help Library Services Requests ]
111 ; http://www.library.cornell.edu/colldev/cdmedieval.html ; []
112 ; http://www.library.cornell.edu/annex/news/movingproject/projectteam ; [ Search , Course Help Research Help Library Services Requests , Responsibilities Name Contact Project Leader Xin Li XL49@CORNELL.EDU (607) 255 7026 Facilities &amp; construction John Hoffmann JAH9@CORNELL.EDU (607) 255 3569 Reports and pick lists Lydia Pettis LP14@CORNELL.EDU (607) 255 9477 Record work Zoe Stewart-Marshall ES254@CORNELL.EDU (607) 255 5757 Preservation &amp; conservation Barbara Berger Eden BEB1@CORNELL.EDU (607) 255 5291 Rare manuscripts &amp; archives Margaret Nichols MNR1@CORNELL.EDU (607) 255 3530 Physical move John Marmora JPM7@CORNELL.EDU (607) 255 6095 Accession into the Annex Cammie Hoffmier CJH8@CORNELL.EDU (607) 253 3514 ]
44 ; http://www.library.cornell.edu/svcs/serve/res ; [ Search , Course Help Research Help Library Services Requests , Reserve Request and Information Submit reserve list: Reserves Processing System (instructions) Reserves Processing System (log in now) Printable forms Information about copyright: Fair Use Checklist Cornell Electronic Course Content Copyright Guidelines Copyright Information Center Information about the reserve process: General information about reserves Electronic reserves through Blackboard Placing items on reserve in the Library Linking to library resources Contact a Reserve Desk Online Submission The Library accepts reserve lists through a system that expedites the processing of all materials, both hard copy and electronic items.  The system allows instructors to view and track the processing status of their reserve requests.  Lists created in the system are archived for future retrieval, so it is possible to access and reinstate previous lists quickly. The system requires a one-time registration.  As an instructor, when you log in for the first time, you will be asked to authenticate yourself using your NetID and password, and to supply some additional user information.  After this initial set up, you will be able to create new lists, add items to existing system-created lists, view prior system-created lists, check the status of your requests, and more.  The library staff is happy to assist you and answer any questions you may have. Contact us Log in to Reserve Processing System now ]
114 ; http://www.library.cornell.edu/annex/services/requests ; [ Search , Course Help Research Help Library Services Requests , Services Facilities History Library Annex Requests Hours and Staff Directory Library Annex Requests Material from the Library Annex can be delivered to any library on campus and will normally be available at the circulation desk within 24 hours, Monday-Friday. There is one delivery to Olin and Mann only on Saturday afternoon. There are 2 ways for Cornell students, faculty, and staff to request material from the Library Annex: Through the online catalog (How?) Document Delivery (How?) Visiting researchers and guest borrowers without a NetID may request items from the Library Annex by using the Library Annex request form. (See instructions below.) Enter "visitor" in place of Cornell ID number. To place an Library Annex request through the online catalog: Search for the item in the Classic catalog. Click on "Requests" in the menu bar at the top of the page. If you have not logged in, you will be prompted for your Cornell NetID and password. Using the pull-down menu, choose "Book Delivery Services." Then, click the "OK" button. You will then see a form to complete. (Conditional step): If you are requesting a volume from a serial title, select the volume from the pull-down menu next to "Select an item." If the volume you need does not appear in the pull-down menu, please use the Library Annex Request form. Click the "Submit Request" button to process the Library Annex request. To place an Electronic Document Delivery Request: Gather as much information as you can about the item you would like to request from the Library Annex. For books you will need the call number, title, author, and specific volume from a series (if applicable). For journal articles you will need the journal call number, journal title, volume number, issue number, and date of the journal in which the article was published as well as the author, title, and page numbers of the article. Use the Document Delivery Request form. For visiting researchers and guest borrowers without a NetID to place a  Library Annex request: Gather as much information as you can about the item you would like to request from the Library Annex. For books you will need the call number, title, author, and specific volume from a series (if applicable). For journal articles you will need the journal call number, journal title, volume number, issue number, and date of the journal in which the article was published. Complete Library Annex Request Form. Library Annex Reading Room Library Annex has an on-site reading room equipped with wireless, a computer, a copier, a microform reader and printers. Patrons may request items be held at the Library Annex Reading Room. These books can be checked out or used on site. Because the Library Annex is a high-density storage facility, it is not a browsing library and the retrieval of requested material is taken care of by the staff members. It would be most efficient if a patron provides information for requested materials at least two hours in advance. The Library Annex will then have the materials ready when the patron arrives. Walk-in requests will be put into work orders and will be processed by priority. In such case, a patron will have to wait for the retrieval to be carried out. ]
115 ; http://www.library.cornell.edu/colldev/cditalianhistory.html ; []
116 ; http://www.library.cornell.edu/annex/news ; [ Search , Course Help Research Help Library Services Requests , Services Facilities History Library Annex Moving Project (1996)Library Annex Expansion Project Library Annex Moving Project (1996) Library Annex Expansion Project ]
141 ; http://www.library.cornell.edu/resrch/libguides/26 ; [ Search , Course Help Research Help Library Services Requests ]
109 ; http://www.library.cornell.edu/colldev/cdpsychology.html ; []
200 ; http://www.library.cornell.edu/colldev/cdechols.html ; []
124 ; http://www.library.cornell.edu/africana/newbooks/ ; []
125 ; http://www.library.cornell.edu/finearts/circulation/reserve.html ; []
129 ; http://www.library.cornell.edu/annex/ ; [ Search , Course Help Research Help Library Services Requests , PATRON SERVICES Reading Room Hours Electronic Document Delivery Request for Book Delivery on Campus Facilities Overview History SEARCH Course Help Research Help Library Services Requests Frequently Asked Questions Who can use the Library Annex Storage Facility? The Library Annex is available to all Faculty, Students, and Staff, as well as, the outside community and visitors from other institutions. How do I request an item from the Library Annex? There are two ways for Cornell students, faculty, and staff to request material from the Library Annex, through the online catalog (How?), and through Document Delivery (How?)  For further instructions see the Library Annex request page. What is Document Delivery? Document Delivery is a service for Cornell students, faculty and staff that provides electronic scans of articles and book chapters from material held by Cornell University Library. All libraries on the Ithaca and Geneva campuses offer this service.  For more information regarding this service please see the Document Delivery FAQ. Can I request an item from the Library Annex without a Cornell ID? Visiting researchers and guest borrowers without a NetID may request items from the Library Annex by using the Library Annex Request Form. How quickly are items delivered on campus? All requests, both books and electronic delivery requests will be delivered within 24 hours. Where is the Library Annex? The Library Annex is located on Palm Road (off Route 366, near the Cornell apple orchard -- see map). How many items can I request at one time? There is no limit on the number of items. However, the Library Annex may contact the patron; if items are of large size and large quantity, and being shipped to a campus library, due to space restraints at the unit libraries. How do I contact the Library Annex? Library Annex Information E-mail: libannex@cornell.edu Address: Palm Road, Cornell University, Ithaca, NY 14853 (off Route 366, near the Cornell apple orchard - see map) Phone: (607) 253-3431  - Fax: (607) 253-4280 Holdings: Printed volumes: 2,543,622; Archival: 31,301 cubic feet (most are included in holdings for the various libraries on campus) Administration: Kornelia TanchevaDirector, John M. Olin Library and Uris LibraryDirector, Library AnnexTelephone: (607) 255-3774        Fax: (607) 255-3609kt18@cornell.edu Staff: Cammie Wyckoff Administrative Supervisor (607) 253-3514 cjh8@cornell.edu Content contributors:  Cammie Wyckoff and Barb Tarbox. Web setup and design by Joan M Brink, with many thanks to Matt Connolly for his assistance. STAFF ACCESS Staff FAQs Policies Procedures Large Collections Shifts Forms Report from the Cornell Library Advisory Task Force ]
28 ; http://www.library.cornell.edu/aboutus/inside/libraries ; [ Search , Course Help Research Help Library Services Requests ]
130 ; http://www.library.cornell.edu/colldev/cdgeneralhistory.html ; []
297 ; http://www.library.cornell.edu/finearts/internetresources.html ; []
134 ; http://www.library.cornell.edu/aboutus/visit/priv/guest ; [ Search , Course Help Research Help Library Services Requests , The library offers guest borrowing privileges to qualifying individuals (see below). Users should apply at the Library Public Services Office, 116 Olin Library, and provide the appropriate documentation. Users applying for contract college Privilege Cards should apply at Mann Library. Fees are payable by cash, check or credit card. Hours: Mon.–Thu. 8:30 a.m.–4:30 p.m., Fri. 8:30 a.m. – 3:30 p.m. Phone: (607) 255-5069 Email: libpublicservices@cornell.edu User  Category Cost Documentation to Provide Local Resident (includes Cornell students on leave of absence) $25/month$250/year - Government-issued picture ID, plus one other form of personal identification- Must not be enrolled in a degree program Visiting faculty, scholar, instructor or researcher N/A No need to apply for a library card. Obtain a regular Cornell ID by going to B07 Day Hall (Registrar's Office) and presenting your appointment letter.  The data will load to our library system. Staff spouse/domestic partner Free - Personal identification- Certificate of marriage or domestic partnership Faculty spouse/domestic partnerStudent spouse/domestic partner $40 for Spouse ID card purchased at Day Hall Apply at Day Hall and provide: - Photo ID- Certificate of marriage or domestic partnership- Cornell partner must accompany applicant- After obtaining Spouse ID, bring to 116 Olin to be entered into the library's system Unregistered Grad student completing doctoral degree $200 per semester; 4 semesters maximum Apply at Grad School - Must meet eligibility requirements- see information about options Cornell Alumni $25/month$250/year - Government-issued picture ID plus one other form of personal identification Ithaca Public School teacher Free - Personal identification plus authorization form completed by public school librarian Cornell Affiliate Free Obtain ID card at Day Hall- Bring ID to 116 Olin Library to have the record entered into the library's system New York State Resident Free (access restricted to contract college libraries)* Apply at Mann Library for Privilege Card- Personal identification- Proof of New York State residency SUNY student, faculty or staff Free (access restricted to contract college libraries)* Apply at Mann Library for Privilege Card- Provide SUNY ID or proof of NYS residency Please note that students enrolled at other colleges and universities are not eligible for guest borrowing privileges, except as noted below for the SUNY academic community.  Students at other institutions may borrow Cornell materials through the interlibrary loan services of their college library. *New York State residents and State University of New York (SUNY) faculty, staff and students are eligible for free borrowing privileges at the contract college libraries: Mann, Geneva, ILR, Vet and Entomology.  Apply at Mann Library. New York State residents who wish to borrow from all Cornell libraries should apply as Local Residents (fee applies). Renewing guest borrowing privileges: Guest borrowers who wish to renew their borrowing privileges must do so in person at 116 Olin Library.  Guest borrowers must resubmit the forms of ID required and update their contact information on file.  For renewal of contract college Privilege Cards and SUNY cards, please contact the Mann Library circulation office (mann_circ@cornell.edu), (607) 255-3296. Borrowing Privileges (good at all Cornell libraries): Books: 28 day loan, renewable Serials, DVDs and other materials: 1 day to 2 weeks, subject to owning library policy.  Renewal policy varies; contact owning library for details Maximum of 20 items may be on loan at any given time No recall privileges, but you may place holds on items checked out Guest borrowers are not eligible for: Interlibrary Loan Borrow Direct Document Delivery Accessing licensed database outside of the libraries Notices: The borrower will receive emailed or printed notices if the library is provided with a current email or US mail address. Courtesy notice: sent 3 days before the due date Overdue notices: sent 1 day after the due date, and 14 days after the due date Fine/fee notice: sent the day after the fine is incurred Replacement bill: sent after a book is 28 days overdue Overdue fines: Books: $.75/day Short loans: $2.00/day Recalls: $3.00/day Unreturned items (books 28 days overdue): $100.00 minimum Blocks (suspension of privileges): 1 overdue recalled book 1 book billed for replacement 15 overdue books More than 20 items on loan $100 in overdue fines Borrowing privileges are contingent upon continued eligibility and compliance with all borrowing rules and library usage policies.  The library reserves the right to cancel borrowing privileges and forward unpaid charges to a collections agency. ]
136 ; http://www.library.cornell.edu/colldev/cdsouthasia.html ; []
138 ; http://www.library.cornell.edu/svcs/borrow/illfaq ; [ Search , Course Help Research Help Library Services Requests , Login with your Cornell NetID What is Interlibrary Loan? Interlibrary Loan is a service for Cornell faculty, staff and registered students. Interlibrary Loan allows Cornell Library users to borrow physical material from other libraries and universities, as well as obtain copies of articles or chapters from titles that are not held by Cornell University Library. Books can also be borrowed using Borrow Direct. Copies of articles and chapters from titles held by Cornell can be requested using Document Delivery. Institutions and individuals not affiliated with Cornell should see the Interlibrary Lending page for details about policies and charges. What can be requested on Interlibrary Loan? Books and multi-volume works Conference proceedings Dissertations Audiovisual material (videos, DVD's) Selected bound journal volumes Microfilm Microfiche Selected articles from journals Selected book chapters Other miscellaneous formats Is there a charge to use Interlibrary Loan? Interlibrary Loan is free for Cornell faculty, staff and registered students. There is no charge to borrow material or obtain copies of articles on Interlibrary Loan. For copies of articles held by the Cornell Library there may be a fee. Please see the Document Delivery page for details. Do I have to submit credit card information to use Interlibrary Loan? No. During your initial registration for Interlibrary Loan and Document Delivery you do not need to include credit card information. Most Interlibrary Loan and some Document Delivery requests are free. If an item you request has a fee library staff will contact you about your method of payment, at which point the credit card information can be submitted. During your initial registration you can skip the credit card page by selecting "Main Menu" on the left side of the page. Can I request a book that is held at Cornell but currently checked out? Please use Borrow Direct as your primary source to request loans of Cornell-owned items that are checked out. If the material you need is not available from Borrow Direct you may submit a request on Interlibrary Loan. However, in some cases it may be faster to recall the Cornell copy. If you recall the Cornell copy please contact the Interlibrary Loan office to cancel your request. Items held in the Cornell Library that are on Reserve or in Reference may not be borrowed on Interlibrary Loan. How long will it take to get the items I requested on Interlibrary Loan? Most loans requested on Interlibrary Loan will arrive in about 1-2 weeks, but in some cases may take longer. Most articles are received in about 2-3 business days. If you have any questions about the status of your request please contact your Interlibrary Loan office. How long can I borrow Interlibrary Loan items? The loan period for items borrowed on Interlibrary Loan is determined by the library lending the material. Standard loans are between 2-6 weeks, but can be as little as 3 days in some cases. Can I renew my Interlibrary Loan? Most Interlibrary Loan material can be renewed. Due dates and renewal eligibility will be on the band attached to the book. A renewal may be requested by phone, e-mail, in person or on the Interlibrary Loan and Document Delivery web site. To renew on the web site, select "Checked out items" and click on the Transaction Number of the item to renew. Click "Renew Request" at the top of the page. If this option is not available, contact your Interlibrary Loan office. How do I cancel my request if I no longer need the material? In some cases requests can be cancelled using the Interlibrary Loan and Document Delivery web site. Under "View" select "Outstanding Requests," and click on the Transaction Number for the request to be cancelled. Some requests will have the option of "Cancel Request" next to "Edit Request." If this option is not available, please contact your Interlibrary Loan office. How do I register for Interlibrary Loan? The first time you use Interlibrary Loan and Document Delivery you will be asked to register. This is a one-time registration. During your registration you will be asked to select your Interlibrary Loan unit: Olin Library, Mann Library, Law Library, Geneva Library or the Veterinary Library. The library you select will process your requests and be the pick-up location for your Interlibrary Loans. Can a proxy user submit requests? A professor who would like to arrange for a student to place requests under the professor's account should contact their Interlibrary Loan office directly. ILL staff can set up a proxy username and password for students to access their professor's Interlibrary Loan account and submit requests under their professor's name. If you have any further questions or can't find what you need, please ask a librarian, or contact any Interlibrary Loan office directly. Staff are happy to answer any questions via e-mail, phone or in person. Contact one of the 5 pickup locations on campus: Olin Library 255-9564 olin-ils@cornell.edu Mann, Geneva or Veterinary Library 255-7754 mann_ill@cornell.edu Law Library 255-5750 law-ils@cornell.edu ]
233 ; http://www.library.cornell.edu/annex/news/expansionproject/longoverview ; [ Search , Course Help Research Help Library Services Requests , Expansion Overview (Long Version) Space Crisis The university did not build any new library buildings on campus from the time the Physical Sciences Library was built in the early 1960's until Kroch opened in 1992, except for the Library Annex in 1978. However, there were renovations in Uris, Hotel and Law which improved those facilities, but did not add significant amounts of user or stack space. Although no new library buildings were under construction, the collections continued to grow at a rate of about 190,000 volume equivalents each year. To cope, the librarians were forced to install stacks in areas not designed for housing the collections and to take out seating for users. Between 1962 and 1993, Cornell added only 300 library seats to accommodate an additional 7000 students. In the late 1980's the Library Administration convinced the university that Olin had to expand. After lengthy negotiations about financing and the site, the Kroch Library was approved. However, the Library Administration continued to press for additional space because several other libraries on campus were full or nearly full. Planning and approval process for the new Annex As part of the process of convincing the university that something had to be done, the Library Administration agreed to work with the Office of Institutional Planning and Research and CIT to develop a strategic plan for library space on campus. The plan called for no new library construction on central campus for the endowed libraries after 2000 and after 2011 for the statutory libraries, construction of an off-campus storage facility, and it suggested cautious optimism about a decrease in the need for library space in the future because of the impact of new technologies. This 1990 plan was accepted by the Trustees in January 1991. In 1994-95, the university hired the architectural firm of Quinlivan, Pierik, and Krause (QPK) from Syracuse to conduct a feasibility study for an offsite facility. University, library, and QPK staff worked together to propose four scenarios involving additions of different sizes to the existing Library Annex. The University Administration settled on the least expensive option which was to renovate the existing Annex and build a high-density warehouse in the style of the Harvard Depository, along with new staff office space. In the summer of 1994, the Library conducted a project to measure the collections, to calculate the empty shelving space available, and to confirm the growth estimates used in the feasibility study. In this effort, the library staff measured the entire collection including uncataloged items and items in non-book formats. The results of the study showed that the libraries had 882,082 linear feet of shelving on campus at that time and would need 127,00 linear feet of additional shelving by 2007. In 1995, the university hired Reese Dill, the consultant who worked on the original Harvard design, to confirm the results of the previous studies. He concluded that the planned Harvard-style warehouse in combination with the existing Annex would house Cornell's growing collections until 2007, the library should continue to use the Library Annex with few modifications, the new facility should be ready for use in the summer of 1997, and the estimated construction cost of $1.8 million was reasonable. Finally in January 1997 after almost two more years of planning, the Trustees approved a $4.6 million project to expand the Library Annex. This amount includes the cost of construction, furnishings, professional fees, site work, and moving 1 million volumes into the new facility in the first two years of operation. The Library Administration agreed that it would be responsible for the operating budget from its existing resources. A second warehouse module will be needed in 2007. The Harvard-Style Warehouse Concept The Harvard-style warehouse is basically a cold-storage building. It provides maximum shelving efficiency, fully computerized access and inventory control, and an excellent environment for the long-term storage of paper and film. The shelving in the warehouse is 30-foot high racks made of steel. The shelves, except those near the air ducts, are approximately 36 inches by 54 inches, and the spaces between the shelves vary in height. Because the purpose of the warehouse design is to store as much material as possible in the smallest amount of space, materials are sorted by size (height, width, and depth) and stored in cardboard trays. The books, trays and shelves are barcoded. These barcodes are linked to one another through records in the inventory control system. Library materials are retrieved by a person operating a mobile mechanical fork-lift with a special shelving unit at the back. The person uses a list generated from the inventory control system to travel through the building gathering and reshelving material. The environmental conditions in the warehouse (55 degrees F and 35% RH) will ensure that the collections will last long into the future. Construction Construction of the new portions of the Annex, the warehouse, the new staff work spaces and public reading room began in April 1997 and was completed in March 1998. More information is available from the Construction Schedule &amp; Photo Album. Selection Strategies The library made a convincing case to the university to include about $900,000 of project funds to cover the cost of moving 1 million volumes in the first two years of the operation. The quotas for each library were calculated from the growth projections developed in 1994 and 1995. These quotas represent the amount of material which each of the libraries will be unable to store on campus by 2005. For the specific quotas, see the capacity analysis document (110 KB PDF file; works best to laserprint). To meet these quotas, the library staff who select materials had to consider how to transfer material with minimal negative impact on faculty and students. The primary focus is on identifying items that are not heavily used on campus. Because of the variation in how material in different subject areas was used by students and faculty, each selector weighed several factors in developing a strategy. There were generally two styles of selection for transfer used by the selectors. One strategy was to review items or groups of items and make decisions. Other selectors used computer generated lists of material that had not been checked out to determine what should be reviewed. In the two largest libraries, Olin and Mann, the selection was based on a computer generated list of material published before a certain date that had not been checked out through the online system. For specific information about each library, see the Summary of Selection Methods and Quantity of Material by Library. The Moving Process In April 1997 staff began a major effort to prepare materials for transfer to the Annex. Staff members marked selected items by adding codes to records in the catalog. They barcoded and boxed materials. Because the goal is to move 2,000 books each working day for two years, staff tried to do as much in advance of the actual move as possible. Services As the demand from faculty and students for circulation services has increased, Annex staff has grown from its orginal 1.5 FTE to 3 FTE. Every item in the collection at the new Annex is represented by a record in the online catalog. Also, as funds permit, items in the original Annex will be brought under the control of the new inventory system. Users can request material by telephone, e-mail, a Web-based request form, or in person at the Annex. The staff retrieve the items for use in the new reading room at the Annex, to check out from the Annex, or to be sent back to campus for pick-up. With the exception of archival material, which must be used in its home library on campus, users may request items from any library to be delivered to any library on campus. The Annex is open from 9am to 4pm weekdays. Requested items are delivered within 24 hours, Monday through Friday. Users are strongly encouraged to request items in advance for pick up or use at the Annex. If an item is requested multiple times, the selector for the subject area will be asked to decide if it should be returned to campus permanently. Scanning, printing, fax, Ariel, and microfilm and microfiche services are also available. ]
140 ; http://www.library.cornell.edu/colldev/cdhistoryofscience.html ; []
26 ; http://www.library.cornell.edu/svcs/borrow/cardhldr ; [ Search , Course Help Research Help Library Services Requests , For information about obtaining a Library Card as a guest borrower, see Guest Borrower Eligibility and Fees.  See also information about logging in to MyAccount as a guest borrower on or after Sept. 30, 2010. Loan Periods The regular loan period for library card-holders is 28 days. Special materials such as journals, DVDs or reserve items may be loaned for shorter periods such as hours or days. Check with individual libraries about loan policies. Library Card holders are permitted to have 20 items on loan at one time. Notices Courtesy notices are sent four days before a book is due, and overdue notices are sent the second day and fourteenth day after a book is due. Available notices are sent the day after a requested book is received at the designated pick-up library. Recall notices are sent the day after a book is recalled by another user. Fine/fee notices are sent the day after the fine is incurred. Note that failure to receive a courtesy or overdue notice does not relieve the borrower of responsibility to return or renew borrowed materials by the due date. Overdue Fines Loan Type Fine Rates Regular $.75/day* Hourly $.04/minute or $2.40/hour Short-term $2.00/day Recalls $3.00/day *Late fees are not charged for materials renewed or returned within nine days of the due date. Items returned or renewed after the expiration of the 9-day grace period are fined from the first day overdue. Replacement Billing If an item is not returned or renewed, a replacement bill will be created 27 days after the due date.  The bill will include the replacement cost plus an overdue fine applicable to the type of loan: Lost Item Replacement Cost $75.00* Overdue Fine (non-recalled regular loan item) $25.00 Recalled Item Fine $60.00 Short Term Loan Fine $35.00 * This amount may be more if an item is of greater value. Books returned after billing: the replacment cost will be cancelled if the item has not already been replaced or reordered. Fines may not be cancelled. Unpaid charges are sent to Cornell Collections after 60 days. Questions and appeals should be directed to the circulation supervisor of the lending library. Borrowing Privileges The privilege of borrowing is a personal one and may not be transferred. Borrowing privileges will be suspended if the borrower: owes $150 or more in unpaid charges has one overdue recalled item has more than 15 overdue items Recalls and Holds Library Card and Privilege Card holders may not recall items on loan, but may place holds. Placing a hold will not change the due date, but it will prevent the item from being renewed. Books may be recalled from all borrowers, including Library Card and Privilege Card holders.  Recalled items are usually due back 9 - 14 days from the date of recall. General Circulation Policies All library material must be properly charged out. Its prompt and safe return is the personal responsibility of the individual to whom it is loaned. Overdue notices are sent as a courtesy to remind borrowers that an item should be renewed or returned, but failure to receive a notice does not relieve the borrower of the responsibility to renew or return the item in a timely manner. The borrower is responsible for notifying the Library immediately if library material is damaged, missing or lost. Library cards do not grant access to specially licensed databases. Library cards do not include Interlibrary Loan privileges. Information about Guest Borrower Log-in to MyAccount on or after Sept. 30, 2010 In order to enhance the security of patron account information, the library will be changing the log-in process for all guest borrowers.  As of Sept. 30, 2010, it will no longer be possible to log in with your library card number and last name.  Until the new authentication process is in place (which may take several months), please contact the library offices listed below to renew your books or to obtain other account information. Library Card Holders: Library Public Services Office, 116 Olin Library, libpublicservices@cornell.edu, (607) 255-5069 Privilege Card and SUNY Card holders: Mann Library Circulation, mann_circ@cornell.edu, (607) 255-3296 Complete list of circulation desks: http://www.library.cornell.edu/Access_Services_Staff As always, we are ready to assist you with all your library needs and concerns.  We apologize for the inconvenience. ]
142 ; http://www.library.cornell.edu/culhelp ; [ Search , Course Help Research Help Library Services Requests , Frequently Asked Questions Q: What if Cornell doesn't have the item I want?A: The catalog will prompt you to use Interlibrary Loan or Borrow Direct to borrow the item from another library. Q: How can I find course reserves?A: Our Course Reserves service allows members of the Cornell community to access all course reserve materials through the course reserve option in the Library Catalog. E-reserves materials may also be accessed through Blackboard or course Web sites. Q: Cornell has a book I want, but it's at a library that isn't convenient for me. Can I get a book delivered to another library?A: There are more than 20 libraries in the Cornell University Library system, and you can have books delivered to many of them by clicking the Request Item button in the Library Catalog. Q: Who has access to Cornell restricted resources?A: Current Cornell students, faculty and staff have access to restricted resources, including off-campus access for most electronic resources. Due to our contractual agreement with the vendors, we cannot allow for remote access for those who are not currently Cornell students, faculty or staff members. We do allow walk-in access for many resources, but restrictions may apply in some cases. If you have a sponsored NetID, we may be able to grant you temporary access to restricted resources, but this is not guaranteed. Your sponsor will need to send the Library specific details on why access to our resources is necessary and for how long access will be needed. Sponsors can contact the Library Public Services office at 116 Olin Library (5-5069) or libpublicservices@cornell.edu for more information. Q: Do you have any adaptive technologies like screen readers?A: See our list of AT resources. Q: How can I use Library restricted resources when I'm off campus or traveling?A: Current members of the Cornell community should be able to use Library licensed electronic resources from anywhere. You must be able to authenticate yourself as a member of the Cornell community using your NetID and password. If you plan to use Library resources while traveling, you should consider installing software to connect to Cornell via VPN (Virtual Private Network). The VPN adds secure access to Cornell campus networks and is usually not blocked by firewalls Q: Do all Cornell campuses have access to the same electronic resources?A: Available electronic collections vary between Cornell campuses, especially between Ithaca, Geneva and the Weill Cornell Medical College. The collections overlap extensively, but some specialized resources are only available at certain locations or to users registered with specific programs. If you can't find what you need or require assistance, please contact a librarian. Medical College personnel with a dual appointment to the Ithaca campus should contact cul-cchelp-l@cornell.edu for help. Q: What can I do about wireless problems in the Library?A: Please contact CIT for assistance with RedRover, Cornell University's wi-fi network service. Q: Why do I get a "session has timed out" message when I've only been using the Library site for a few minutes?A: If the cache setting in your browser is set to never reload pages, you may get a "session has timed out" message after a short period of inactivity. To fix the problem, adjust the cache setting so that pages are checked and reloaded more often. Also, try clearing the cache. Q: What if I am having trouble with the Cornell image collections?A: If you are experiencing problems using ARTstor, you can go to ARTstor's system requirements page or their general help page. For Luna Insight, please consult the recommended system configuration or Luna's general help page. If you continue to experience difficulties with Luna Insight, please report your problem by sending an email to vrhelp-l@cornell.edu (support available Monday-Friday, 8-5pm). If you need further assistance with the image collections, please contact Martha Walker, Fine Arts Library, at maw6@cornell.edu. Also, the Visual Resources Web page provides an overview of image resources at Cornell. Trouble Connecting Members of the Cornell community can use restricted Library resources from both on and off campus, but occasionally users run into problems connecting. Here are some issues to consider before filling out our Technical Problem Report Form: Authentication RequiredFor off-campus access to restricted resources, you will need to authenticate yourself as a current member of the Cornell community with your NetID and password. If you find yourself on a Web page that has access restrictions, you can try using the Passkey bookmarklet tool to gain access to the Library's licensed resources. Simply click on the bookmarklet icon and you will be redirected to the Cornell Web log-in screen to check for your valid Cornell affiliation. If you are asked for a special username and password (not your NetID and password), there may be technical issues with the resource. Please ask a librarian for assistance. Individual Resource Is Down or MisconfiguredA particular journal or database may be unavailable due to problems at the publisher's Web site, or the Library may need to make changes to its own configuration. If you’ve tried a few times to access a resource but still can’t, please don’t hesitate to report this so we can look into what’s going on. Browser IncompatibilityMany different browsers are available, and most resources should work with most browsers. If you are having trouble, rule out browser incompatibility by attempting access with a recent version of Internet Explorer or Firefox. Browser SettingsCookies need to be enabled. Some resources won't work if your browser's cookie settings are too restrictive. Odd behaviors can occur when cookies or cache files become corrupted. Try clearing your cookies and cache and restarting your browser. If your browser is configured to go through a proxy server, you may run into problems accessing Cornell resources. Pop-Up BlockersPop-up blockers in Web browsers won't prevent you from connecting to a particular site, but they may interfere with your ability to display some of the resources within that site. FirewallsMany universities, businesses, hotels, and airports have set up firewalls to block potentially harmful network traffic. These firewalls may also block your access to Library resources; however, most firewalls will allow VPN (Virtual Private Network) traffic. See CIT's information about installing VPN on your computer. If you still can't connect, go to our Technical Problem Report Form. , Q: What if Cornell doesn't have the item I want?A: The catalog will prompt you to use Interlibrary Loan or Borrow Direct to borrow the item from another library. Q: How can I find course reserves?A: Our Course Reserves service allows members of the Cornell community to access all course reserve materials through the course reserve option in the Library Catalog. E-reserves materials may also be accessed through Blackboard or course Web sites. Q: Cornell has a book I want, but it's at a library that isn't convenient for me. Can I get a book delivered to another library?A: There are more than 20 libraries in the Cornell University Library system, and you can have books delivered to many of them by clicking the Request Item button in the Library Catalog. Q: Who has access to Cornell restricted resources?A: Current Cornell students, faculty and staff have access to restricted resources, including off-campus access for most electronic resources. Due to our contractual agreement with the vendors, we cannot allow for remote access for those who are not currently Cornell students, faculty or staff members. We do allow walk-in access for many resources, but restrictions may apply in some cases. If you have a sponsored NetID, we may be able to grant you temporary access to restricted resources, but this is not guaranteed. Your sponsor will need to send the Library specific details on why access to our resources is necessary and for how long access will be needed. Sponsors can contact the Library Public Services office at 116 Olin Library (5-5069) or libpublicservices@cornell.edu for more information. Q: Do you have any adaptive technologies like screen readers?A: See our list of AT resources. Q: How can I use Library restricted resources when I'm off campus or traveling?A: Current members of the Cornell community should be able to use Library licensed electronic resources from anywhere. You must be able to authenticate yourself as a member of the Cornell community using your NetID and password. If you plan to use Library resources while traveling, you should consider installing software to connect to Cornell via VPN (Virtual Private Network). The VPN adds secure access to Cornell campus networks and is usually not blocked by firewalls Q: Do all Cornell campuses have access to the same electronic resources?A: Available electronic collections vary between Cornell campuses, especially between Ithaca, Geneva and the Weill Cornell Medical College. The collections overlap extensively, but some specialized resources are only available at certain locations or to users registered with specific programs. If you can't find what you need or require assistance, please contact a librarian. Medical College personnel with a dual appointment to the Ithaca campus should contact cul-cchelp-l@cornell.edu for help. Q: What can I do about wireless problems in the Library?A: Please contact CIT for assistance with RedRover, Cornell University's wi-fi network service. Q: Why do I get a "session has timed out" message when I've only been using the Library site for a few minutes?A: If the cache setting in your browser is set to never reload pages, you may get a "session has timed out" message after a short period of inactivity. To fix the problem, adjust the cache setting so that pages are checked and reloaded more often. Also, try clearing the cache. Q: What if I am having trouble with the Cornell image collections?A: If you are experiencing problems using ARTstor, you can go to ARTstor's system requirements page or their general help page. For Luna Insight, please consult the recommended system configuration or Luna's general help page. If you continue to experience difficulties with Luna Insight, please report your problem by sending an email to vrhelp-l@cornell.edu (support available Monday-Friday, 8-5pm). If you need further assistance with the image collections, please contact Martha Walker, Fine Arts Library, at maw6@cornell.edu. Also, the Visual Resources Web page provides an overview of image resources at Cornell. , Members of the Cornell community can use restricted Library resources from both on and off campus, but occasionally users run into problems connecting. Here are some issues to consider before filling out our Technical Problem Report Form: Authentication RequiredFor off-campus access to restricted resources, you will need to authenticate yourself as a current member of the Cornell community with your NetID and password. If you find yourself on a Web page that has access restrictions, you can try using the Passkey bookmarklet tool to gain access to the Library's licensed resources. Simply click on the bookmarklet icon and you will be redirected to the Cornell Web log-in screen to check for your valid Cornell affiliation. If you are asked for a special username and password (not your NetID and password), there may be technical issues with the resource. Please ask a librarian for assistance. Individual Resource Is Down or MisconfiguredA particular journal or database may be unavailable due to problems at the publisher's Web site, or the Library may need to make changes to its own configuration. If you’ve tried a few times to access a resource but still can’t, please don’t hesitate to report this so we can look into what’s going on. Browser IncompatibilityMany different browsers are available, and most resources should work with most browsers. If you are having trouble, rule out browser incompatibility by attempting access with a recent version of Internet Explorer or Firefox. Browser SettingsCookies need to be enabled. Some resources won't work if your browser's cookie settings are too restrictive. Odd behaviors can occur when cookies or cache files become corrupted. Try clearing your cookies and cache and restarting your browser. If your browser is configured to go through a proxy server, you may run into problems accessing Cornell resources. Pop-Up BlockersPop-up blockers in Web browsers won't prevent you from connecting to a particular site, but they may interfere with your ability to display some of the resources within that site. FirewallsMany universities, businesses, hotels, and airports have set up firewalls to block potentially harmful network traffic. These firewalls may also block your access to Library resources; however, most firewalls will allow VPN (Virtual Private Network) traffic. See CIT's information about installing VPN on your computer. If you still can't connect, go to our Technical Problem Report Form. ]
193 ; http://www.library.cornell.edu/searchtips ; [ Search , Course Help Research Help Library Services Requests , The Articles search box allows you to select from a drop-down menu to search a small set of preselected databases. You can choose from EBSCOHost, Web of Science or Google Scholar: General: This searches a collection of several dozen databases covering a wide range subject areas (i.e. Academic Search Complete, Business Search Complete, etc.). This is a good place to start for general news, humanities, and social sciences topics. Web of Science: Web of Science indexes articles from science and some engineering journals. Web of Science is a good first search for science topics. Google Scholar: Google Scholar applies Google's search algorithm specifically to academic journals, academic conference proceedings and similar. Most but not all coverage indexed by Google Scholar is peer-reviewed. Although Google Scholar can be very comprehensive, it is very difficult to navigate: You cannot break down the results by date, the titles are truncated, etc. Google Scholar is a good tool for an initial survey and/or to verify a citation. Note that these are NOT the only databases Cornell has: You can also select another, more appropriate database you want to search from the Database Names search. For targeted searches, it is best to search databases individually. If you are unsure what databases to search, ask a librarian. Please note that the databases available in the Database Names search represent only a fraction of the online resources available at Cornell. To access the majority of Cornell materials and the collections of many other libraries worldwide, search the Catalog. To access only materials available from Cornell University Library, including other reference resources, search the Classic Catalog. System Messages or Errors: If you experience problems with databases using either system, please fill out a Problem Connecting form to notify library staff. ]
146 ; http://www.library.cornell.edu/africana/about/info.html ; []
147 ; http://www.library.cornell.edu/resrch/citmanage/code ; [ Search , Course Help Research Help Library Services Requests , The Code of Academic Integrity defines Cornell University's official guidelines concerning honesty in academic pursuits. One example of violating this code is stated as "knowingly representing the work of others as one's own." It is important to cite the work of others if you use or refer to it in your work. We provide a brief version of MLA and APA citation styles. For more complete information, or if you have any questions on citing the work of others, please ask Library reference staff. ]
148 ; http://www.library.cornell.edu/africana/thesis/author.html ; []
150 ; http://www.library.cornell.edu/taxonomy/term/6 ; [ Search , Course Help Research Help Library Services Requests , I saw reference to a book that looked interesting for my current research on the American Revolution, checked our catalog and discovered we didn't have it. I put in a request for ILL, and a couple of days later received an email saying that the ILL request had been cancelled because the book was available via Borrow Direct (which had not seemed to be the case when I first looked for it). , "For faculty spending time in New York for the summer or a sabbatic as I have been, privileges at Columbia’s Butler Library are an incredible resource. Columbia faculty who want to spend the summer in Ithaca should definitely know about this program too, and I’m telling everyone I know." - Jeffrey Rusten, director of Undergraduate Studies in the Classics Department , I’ve been using the archives a lot recently for my video work. We've wanted to compare the past with the present, through both video and stills, and the collections are amazing. I've also donated things myself — it's really exciting to feel like I'm part of the archive now.- Deborah Hoard, MPS '78 , It was the perfect place to study for Chem 207. In Olin, it was always quiet, and I could always concentrate.- Rob Yellen '86 (with Samantha Yellen '15) , "You can get newspapers the whole way back to the 1800s, and I use them both for research and just to look at for fun, to see what was happening in other times. I even found an article about the independence of my country, Tanzania, in a 1961 issue of the 'New York Times.'" - Kwinoja Kapiteri '14 , "I normally use the library to socialize; I like to meet people here. Olin especially is centrally located, so it's convenient for everyone." - Ashwathi Iyer '13, Engineering , "Manndible has great coffee for late-night studying." - Cassandra Gallagher '13, Urban and Regional Studies , "I love the fact that the library allows people to browse and get in touch with artists they wouldn't usually find. You can discover new names and notice things that you never would have before." - Allie Riggs '13 , "I'm a freshman, so I'm new here, but what I've learned so far is that Olin has one of the best map collections in the country." - Alex Neuber '14 , "A study room is a nice, cozy, compact environment that's perfect for getting your work done without distractions. It's like your own personal library." - George Osae '11, CALS ]
151 ; http://www.library.cornell.edu/okuaccess/annex/index.html ; []
24 ; http://www.library.cornell.edu/FallBreaks2011 ; [ Search , Course Help Research Help Library Services Requests , Adelson - Africana - Annex - Entomology - Fine Arts - Geneva - Hotel - ILR - Kroch-Asia - Kroch-Rare &amp; MSS - Law - Management - Mann - Mathematics - Music - Olin - Uris - Veterinary Adelson Library Fall Break (Oct 8 - 11)                        Normal Hours (see other side)Thursday - Saturday, Nov. 24-26         CLOSED top Africana Library Saturday &amp; Sunday, October 8 &amp; 9        CLOSEDMonday, October 10                           9:00 am - 5:00 pmTuesday, October 11                          9:00 am - 5:00 pmWednesday, November 23                  9:00 am - 5:00 pmThursday - Saturday, Nov. 24 - 26       CLOSEDSunday, November 27                        4:00 pm - 11:00 pm top Annex Saturday &amp; Sunday, October 8 &amp; 9        CLOSEDMonday -Tuesday, October 10 - 11      8:00 am - 6:00 pmWednesday, November 23                  8:00 am - 6:00 pmThursday - Friday, November 24 - 25    CLOSEDSaturday, November 26                      9:00am- 12 noonSunday, November 27                        CLOSED top Catherwood (ILR) Saturday &amp; Sunday, October 8 &amp; 9        CLOSEDMonday, October 10                           8:00 am - 5:00 pmTuesday, October 11                          8:00 am - 11:00 pmWednesday, November 23                  8:00 am - 5:00 pmThursday - Saturday, Nov. 24 - 26       CLOSEDSunday, November 27                        2:00 pm - 11:00 pm top Entomology Library Saturday &amp; Sunday, October 8 &amp; 9       CLOSEDMonday &amp; Tuesday, October 10 &amp; 11    10:00 am - 4:00 pmWednesday, November 23                  10:00 am - 4:00 pmThursday - Sunday, Nov. 24 - 27         CLOSED top Fine Arts Library Saturday - Monday, October 8 - 10       CLOSEDTuesday, October 11                         5:00 pm - 11:00 pm (relocated to Rand III)Wednesday, November 23                 8:00 am - 5:00 pmThursday - Saturday, Nov. 24 - 26      CLOSEDSunday, November 27                       1:00 pm - 11:00 pm top Geneva Library Fall Break (October 8 – 11)                Normal Hours (see other side)Thursday - Friday, November 24 - 25  CLOSED top Hotel Library (Nestlé Library) Saturday &amp; Sunday, October 8 &amp; 9        CLOSEDMonday &amp; Tuesday, October 10 &amp; 11    8:00 am - 5:00 pmWednesday, November 23                  8:00 am - 5:00 pmThursday - Saturday, Nov.24-26          CLOSEDSunday, November 27                        6:30 pm - 11:30 pm top Kroch-Asia Collections (Mezz, 1 &amp; 1B) Saturday, October 8                           10:00 am - 5:00 pmSunday, October 9                             12 noon - 6:00 pmMonday, October 10                          8:00 am - 9:00 pmTuesday, October 11                         8:00 am - 2:00 amWednesday, November 23                 8:00 am - 5:00 pmThursday &amp; Friday, Nov.24 &amp; 25          CLOSEDSaturday, November 26                     10:00 am - 5:00 pmSunday, November 27                       10:00 am - 2:00 am top Kroch-Rare &amp; MSS Collections (2B) Saturday &amp; Sunday, October 8 &amp; 9       CLOSEDMonday &amp; Tuesday, October 10 &amp; 11    10:00 am - 5:00 pmWednesday, November 23                  10:00 am - 5:00 pmThursday - Sunday, Nov. 24 - 27         CLOSED top Law Library Saturday &amp; Sunday, October 8 &amp; 9        CLOSEDMonday &amp; Tuesday, October 10 &amp; 11    8:00 am - 5:00 pmWednesday, November  23                 8:00 am - 5:00 pmThursday - Saturday, Nov. 24-26         CLOSEDSunday, November 27                       12 noon - 8:00 pm top Management Library Saturday, October 8                           10:00 am - 6:00 pmSunday, October 9                             12 noon - 8:00 pmMonday &amp; Tuesday, Oct. 10 &amp;11          8:00 am - 12 midnightWednesday, November 23                  8:00 am - 5:00 pmThursday - Saturday, Nov. 24 - 26       CLOSEDSunday, November 27                       12 noon - 12 midnight top Mann Library Saturday, October 8                           1:00 pm - 5:00 pmSunday, October 9                             CLOSEDMonday, October 10                           8:00 am - 5:00 pmTuesday, October 11                          8:00 am - 2:00 amWednesday, November 23                  8:00 am - 5:00 pmThursday &amp; Friday, Nov. 24 &amp; 25          CLOSEDSaturday, November 26                      1:00 pm - 5:00 pm top Mathematics Library Saturday &amp; Sunday, October 8 &amp; 9        CLOSEDMonday, October 10                           9:00 am - 5:00 pmTuesday, October 11                          9:00 am - 11:00 pmWednesday, November 23                  8:00 am - 5:00 pmThursday - Saturday, Nov.24 - 26        CLOSEDSunday, November 27                        6:00 pm - 11:00 pm top Music Library (Sidney Cox Library) Saturday &amp; Sunday, October 8 &amp; 9       CLOSEDMonday, October 10                          9:00 am - 5:00 pmTuesday, October 11                         9:00 am - 10:00 pmWednesday, November 23                 9:00 am - 5:00 pmThursday - Saturday, Nov. 24 - 26      CLOSEDSunday, November 27                       6:00 pm - 10:00 pm top Olin Library Saturday, October 8                           10:00 am - 5:00 pmSunday, October 9                             12 noon - 6:00 pmMonday, October 10                           8:00 am - 9:00 pmTuesday, October 11                          8:00 am - 2:00 amWednesday, November 23                  8:00 am - 5:00 pmThursday &amp; Friday, Nov. 24 &amp; 25         CLOSEDSaturday, November 26                     10:00 am - 5:00 pmSunday, November 27                       10:00 am - 2:00 am top Uris Library Saturday, October 8                          10:00 am – 4:00 pmSunday, October 9                            12 noon - 5:00 pm Monday, October 10                          8:00 am - 8:00 pmTuesday, October 11                         Opens  8:00 am Wednesday, November 23                 8:00 am - 4:00 pmThursday &amp; Friday, Nov. 24 &amp; 25         CLOSEDSaturday, November 26                     10:00 am - 4:00 pmSunday, November 27                       Opens 10:00 am top Veterinary Library (Flower-Sprecher Library) Fall Break (Oct 11 - 14)                      Normal Hours (see other side)Wednesday, November 23                  7:30 am - 5:00 pmThursday - Saturday, Nov.24- 26         CLOSEDSunday, November 27                       3:00 pm - 11:00 pm REMINDER: The Veterinary College complex is locked on weekends and after 5:00 pm on weekdays. After hours access must be requested in advance at:Cornell Community | Alumni and Visitors Please allow about 1-2 days for processing your request. Upon approval, use your ID card at the Veterinary Education Center Atrium door. You must renew your request for access every semester. top ]
21 ; http://www.library.cornell.edu/FallHours2011 ; [ Search , Course Help Research Help Library Services Requests , Adelson - Africana - Annex - Entomology - Fine Arts - Geneva - Hotel - ILR - Kroch-Asia - Kroch-Rare &amp; MSS - Law - Management - Mann - Mathematics - Music - Olin - Uris - Veterinary Adelson Library Monday – Thursday 10:00 am - 12:00 pm 1:00 pm - 4:00 pm Friday – Sunday CLOSED · Monday, September 5 CLOSED top Africana Library Monday - Thursday 9:00 am - 11:00 pm Friday 9:00 am - 5:00 pm Saturday 1:00 pm - 5:00 pm Sunday 4:00 pm - 11:00 pm · Monday, September 5 9:00 am – 5:00 pm top Annex Monday - Friday 8:00 am - 6:00 pm Saturday 9:00 am – 12 noon Sunday CLOSED top Catherwood (ILR) Monday - Thursday 8:00 am - 11:00 pm Friday 8:00 am - 5:00 pm Saturday 12 noon - 5:00 pm Sunday 2:00 pm - 11:00 pm top Entomology Library Monday - Friday 9:00 am - 5:00 pm Saturday &amp; Sunday CLOSED · Monday, September 5 CLOSED top Fine Arts Library Monday - Thursday 8:00 am - 11:00 pm Friday 8:00 am - 5:00 pm Saturday 12 noon - 5:00 pm Sunday 1:00 pm - 11:00 pm · Monday, September 5 10:00 am – 5:00 pm - Friday, October 7  CLOSED top Geneva Library Monday - Thursday 8:00am-12 noon, 1:00pm-5:00pm Friday 8:00am-12 noon, 1:00pm-4:00pm Saturday &amp; Sunday CLOSED · Monday, September 5 CLOSED · Thurs., Nov, 24 – Fri., Nov. 25 CLOSED top Hotel Library (Nestlé Library) Monday - Thursday 8:00 am - 11:30 pm Friday 8:00 am - 6:00 pm Saturday 12:00 pm - 6:00 pm Sunday 12:00 pm - 11:30 pm · Friday, October 7 8:00 am - 5:00 pm · Friday, December 16 8:00 am - 5:00 pm top Kroch-Asia Collections (Mezz, 1 &amp; 1B) Monday - Thursday 8:00 am - 2:00 am Friday 8:00 am - 10:00 pm Saturday 10:00 am - 10:00 pm Sunday 10:00 am - 2:00 am · Sunday, September 4 10:00am – 10:00pm · Monday, September 5 10:00am – 2:00am · Friday, October 7 8:00 am - 6:00 pm · Friday, December 9 8:00 am - 12 midnight · Saturday, December 10 10:00 am - 12 midnight · Friday, December 16 8:00 am - 6:00 pm top Kroch-Rare &amp; MSS Collections (2B) Monday - Friday 10:00 am - 5:00 pm Saturday, October 1 - November 19 only 1:00 pm - 5:00 pm Sunday CLOSED · Monday, September 5 CLOSED · Saturday, October 8 CLOSED top Law Library Monday - Thursday 8:00 am - 8:00 pm Friday 8:00 am - 5:00 pm Saturday 12 noon - 5:00 pm Sunday 12 noon - 8:00 pm · Monday, September 5 CLOSED · Wed. – Fri., October 12 -14 8:00 am - 5:00 pm · Saturday, October 15 12 noon – 5:00 pm · Sunday, October 16 12 noon - 8:00 pm · Monday - Friday, December 5 – 9 8:00 am - 5:00 pm · Sat. &amp; Sun., December 10 - 11 12 noon - 5:00 pm · Mon.- Fri., December 12 - 16 8:00 pm - 5:00 pm top Management Library Monday - Thursday 8:00 am - 12 midnight Friday 8:00 am - 6:00 pm Saturday 10:00 am - 7:00 pm Sunday 12 noon - 12 midnight · Friday, December 16 8:00 am - 5:00 pm top Mann Library Monday - Wednesday 8:00 am - 2:00 am Thursday 8:00 am – 12 midnight Friday 8:00 am - 6:00 pm Saturday 11:00 am - 5:00 pm Sunday 12 noon - 2:00 am · Sunday, September 4 12 noon – 6:00 pm · Monday, September 5 12 noon – 10:00 pm · Thursday, December 8 8:00 am - 2:00 am · Friday, December 9 8:00 am - 8:00 pm · Saturday, December 10 12 noon - 8:00 pm · Friday, December 16 8:00 am - 5:00 pm top Mathematics Library Monday - Thursday 8:00 am - 11:00 pm Friday 8:00 am - 5:00 pm Saturday 12 noon - 5:00 pm Sunday 1:00 pm - 11:00 pm · Monday, September 5 6:00 pm – 11:00 pm top Music Library (Sidney Cox Library) Monday - Thursday 9:00 am - 10:00 pm Friday 9:00 am - 5:00 pm Saturday 12 noon - 5:00 pm Sunday 2:00 pm - 10:00 pm · Monday, September 5 2:00 pm – 10:00 pm top Olin Library Monday - Thursday 8:00 am - 2:00 am Friday 8:00 am - 10:00 pm Saturday 10:00 am - 10:00 pm Sunday 10:00 am - 2:00 am · Sunday, September 4 10:00am – 10:00pm · Monday, September 5 10:00am – 2:00am · Friday, October 7 8:00 am - 6:00 pm · Friday, December 9 8:00 am - 12 midnight · Saturday, December 10 10:00 am - 12 midnight · Friday, December 16 8:00 am - 6:00 pm top Uris Library Monday - Thursday OPEN 24 HOURS* *Restricted access &amp; no services 2:00 am - 8:00 am Friday Closes 9:00 pm Saturday 10:00 am - 9:00 pm Sunday Opens 10:00 am · Sunday, September 4 10:00am – 9:00pm · Monday, September 5 Opens 10:00am · Friday, October 7 8:00 am - 5:00 pm · Friday, December 9 OPEN 24 HOURS* · Saturday, December 10 OPEN 24 HOURS* · Friday, December 16 8:00 am - 5:00 pm top Veterinary Library (Flower-Sprecher Library) Monday - Thursday 7:30 am -11:00 pm Friday 7:30 am - 8:00 pm Saturday 10:00 am - 8:00 pm Sunday 10:00 am - 11:00 pm · Friday, October 7 7:30 am - 5:00 pm · Sat. &amp; Sun., October 8 &amp; 9 CLOSED · Friday, December 16 7:30 am - 5:00 pm REMINDER: The Veterinary College complex is locked on weekends and after 5:00 pm on weekdays. After hours access must be requested in advance at:Cornell Community | Alumni and Visitors Please allow about 1-2 days for processing your request. Upon approval, use your ID card at the Veterinary Education Center Atrium door. You must renew your request for access every semester. top ]
154 ; http://www.library.cornell.edu/finearts/circulation/policy.html ; []
122 ; http://www.library.cornell.edu/svcs/libraryspaces/libspacesxtype/41 ; [ Search , Course Help Research Help Library Services Requests ]
160 ; http://www.library.cornell.edu/request/reqm ; [ Search , Course Help Research Help Library Services Requests , Items that are checked out (Recall/Hold/Borrow Direct) more info... Items in other Cornell libraries (Library-to-library book delivery) more info... Books to be delivered to faculty offices more info... Books in the Library Annex (for CU patrons) more info... Books in the Library Annex (for non-CU patrons) more info... Note: Scanned articles from books or journals in the Library Annex can be requested through Document Delivery for no fee. Articles from Cornell libraries (Document Delivery) Articles from the Library Annex (Document Delivery - no fee) Items from non-Cornell libraries: Borrow Direct Use for delivery of books that Cornell University Library does not own or are unavailable (checked out, lost, etc.). more info... Interlibrary Loan Use to request delivery of books, videos, etc. as well as copies of articles that Cornell University Library does not own. Interlibrary Lending for non-Cornell institutions and individuals ]
149 ; http://www.library.cornell.edu/svcs/borrow/chkd ; [ Search , Course Help Research Help Library Services Requests , Recall Placing a recall on an item will send the borrower a notice that the book has been requested and must be returned sooner than the original due date. The new due date is usually 9 - 14 days from the date of recall. To place a recall: Search for the item in the Library catalog. If the item is checked out, the status will show "Charged" and a due date. Click on the "Request Item" button to the right of the displayed item.  If you are not already logged in with your NetID and password, you will be brought to an authentication screen.  If you are already logged in, you will be brought directly to the Request screen.  Select "Recall" from the pull down menu, and fill in the information on the request form.  Your recall request will be processed immediately and remain active for 30 days. Hold Placing a hold on an item will put your name on a requestor list. The book will be held after the borrower returns the book and after all recall requests for the book have been satisfied. Please note that a hold will not generate a notice to the borrower and will not shorten the due date. A hold request may be superceded by a recall request, even if the hold request was placed first. A hold should be placed only when access to the book is not a priority, and you are willing to wait for a potentially extended period of time. To place a hold: Follow the instructions above as for Recall. At the Request screen, choose "Hold" from the request type menu and fill in the form as required. Borrow Direct Borrow Direct may also be used if a book is charged out from the Cornell Library. When you find an item that is checked out in the Library Catalog, click on "Borrow Direct" at the top of the screen. Search the Borrow Direct catalog; if a copy is available, you may place a request. ]
88 ; http://www.library.cornell.edu/colldev/cdanthro.html ; []
164 ; http://www.library.cornell.edu/preservation/com/comfin.html ; []
165 ; http://www.library.cornell.edu/ask/email ; [ Search , Course Help Research Help Library Services Requests , Ask a Librarian - Email The form below allows you to send e-mail to many of the Cornell University Library Reference Divisions. Individual Reference Divisions may have different policies regarding e-mail reference questions. In general, priority is given to members of the Cornell community.Whenever possible, e-mail questions received Monday-Thursday will be responded to within 24 hours. Questions received Friday-Sunday will be responded to by the following Tuesday. Name: * Please enter your full name. Your email address: * Your email address, for example, xxx3@cornell.edu Status: * - Select -Cornell Undergraduate StudentCornell Graduate StudentCornell FacultyCornell StaffCornell AlumniOther Select a library: * - Select -Adelson Library (Lab of Ornithology)Africana LibraryEngineering LibraryEntomology LibraryFine Arts LibraryGeneva LibraryHotel LibraryIndustrial &amp;amp; Labor Relations LibraryKroch Library (Asia)Kroch Library (Division of Rare and Manuscript Collections)Law LibraryManagement LibraryMann Library (Agriculture, Life Sciences and Selected Social Sciences)Mathematics LibraryMusic LibraryOlin Library (Humanities &amp;amp; Social Sciences)Physical Sciences LibraryUris Library (Humanities &amp;amp; Social Sciences)Veterinary LibraryWeill Cornell Medical Library (New York CityWeill Cornell Medical College-Qatar, Distributed eLibrary Can we post your question (with all personal information removed, of course) to our Ask A Librarian Blog?: * Yes No Your question: * By submitting this form, you accept the Mollom privacy policy. ]
12 ; http://www.library.cornell.edu/svcs/libraryspaces/libspacesxtype/41/54 ; [ Search , Course Help Research Help Library Services Requests ]
170 ; http://www.library.cornell.edu/scholarlycomm/index.html ; [ Scholarly communicationthe process used by scholars to share the results of their researchis fast approaching a crossroads. Individual disciplines and the scholarly community as a whole will soon need to make far-ranging decisions about how scholarly information is formally and informally exchanged, because current methods of scholarly communication are increasingly restrictive and are economically unsustainable. The purposes of this Web page are (a) to inform Cornell faculty of some of the key issues that drive the debates over scholarly communication, and (b) to suggest action that faculty might consider to support needed changes. 1. Copyright of Faculty Publications. There is no one reason forno single approach tothe crisis in scholarly communication. It is perhaps most easily described in terms of access, ownership and compensation. Suppose a scholar writes a paper and submits it to a well known journal. The editors accept the paper and agree to publish it. In many instances it is still the case that the publisher requires that the writer give the ownership (copyright) of the paper to the publisher, in return for publication. Anyone whose library does not subscribe to the journal, or who does not have a personal subscription, can then often only gain access to the article by paying a (frequently significant) copyright fee. Access to such specialized information is in any case highly restricted to ensure that publishers are effectively compensated. One approach to making scholarly information more broadly accessible is for scholars to retain more control over the ownership of their own publications. This Web site will suggest how this can be done by making adjustments to copyright agreements when submitting materials for publication. 2. The Crisis in Scholarly Publication Prices. The prices of scholarly publications, and especially those of serials, have increased at a rate far above inflation and much more rapidly than increases in library budgets. This is especially the case with many commercial publishersand also a few society publishers. The result is that libraries are now only able to provide their users with access to an increasingly smaller portion of the total needed scholarly output. This is affecting access and services not just in the sciences and technology but in all subject areas. We are providing Cornell faculty on this Web site a fuller explanation of the reasons for these pricing problems, as well as some suggestions about actions scholars might take to reduce such pressures. 3. Alternative Publishing Models. Scholars and libraries, preferably working closely with publishers, need to take action to ensure that scholarly publication remains scalable and sustainable, and so that all who need access to specialized scholarly information have it. Leading academic libraries in the U.S. and abroad have been developing a range of alternatives to the current scholarly communication paradigm. We will describe and link to some of these options on this Web site. We will discuss especially what we are doing here at Cornell, where the Library co-manages, with Duke University Press, Project Euclid, an online publishing service for mathematics journals. The Library is also responsible for the heavily used physics pre-print server, arXiv. Cornell has, in addition, an institutional repository, where faculty can deposit online copies of their publications and data. The Library also has the ability to assist faculty in starting their own online publications. Perhaps most importantly, the Cornell Libraryand the academic library communityare committed to the long-term preservation of any and all electronic materials entrusted to their care. 4. Open Access. One particularly intriguing and promising alternative to traditional scholarly communication is open access. The basic concept is that neither the reader nor the readers library would pay for access to scholarly publications: these would rather be freely accessible to the world on the Internet. Such an approach would be inadvisable and indeed impossible for popular publications, but it certainly does make some sense for (at least some kinds of) specialized scholarly publications. The obvious question is, if the reader (or the readers library-agent) does not pay for access, who does payi.e., who pays for the costs of production and distribution? There has been a great deal of discussion of, advocacy for, and objection to open access over the past two years. This Web site will provide Cornell faculty with a summary of the current debate, as well as links to further information. The work on these pages are licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution 3.0 United States License. ]
174 ; http://www.library.cornell.edu/svcs/borrow/undergrad ; [ Search , Course Help Research Help Library Services Requests , Loan Periods The regular loan period for books is 42 days.  Most items are renewable. Special materials such as journals, DVDs, laptops or reserve items may be loaned for shorter periods such as hours and days. Check with individual libraries for specific loan periods. Notices Courtesy notices are sent four days before a book is due, and overdue notices are sent the second day and fourteenth day after a book is due. Available notices are sent the day after a requested book is received at the designated pick-up library. Recall notices are sent the day after a book is recalled by another user. Fine/fee notices are sent the day after the fine is incurred. Library notices are sent by e-mail to the borrower's NetID address (NetID@cornell.edu). If you prefer another type of e-mail address, such as you@department.cornell.edu, please configure your mail preferences so that NetID mail is routed to the preferred address. Please go to http://www.whoiam.cornell.edu and follow the instructions for routing mail. Note that failure to receive a courtesy or overdue notice does not relieve the borrower of responsibility to return or renew borrowed materials by the due date. Overdue Fines Loan Type Fine Rates Regular $.75/day* Hourly $.04/minute or $2.40/hour Short-term $2.00/day Recalls $3.00/day *Late fees are not charged for regular loan materials renewed or returned within nine days of the due date. Items returned or renewed after the grace period has expired will be fined from the first day overdue. All other overdue loan materials are subject to immediate fines. Replacement Billing If a borrowed item has not been returned or renewed, a replacement bill is created 27 days after the most recent due date. The bill will include the replacement cost plus the applicable overdue fine according to the chart below. Lost Item Replacement Cost $75.00* Recalled item fine $60.00 Overdue fine (non-recalled regular loan item) $25.00 Short term loan fine $35.00 * This amount may be more if the item is of greater value Items returned after billing: the replacement cost will be cancelled if the item has not already been replaced or reordered. Fines may not be cancelled. Unpaid bills are sent to Cornell Collections after 60 days from the bill date. Questions and appeals should be directed to the circulation supervisor of the lending library. Borrowing Privileges Cornell University identification cards serve as library cards. The privilege of borrowing is a personal one and may not be transferred. Borrowing privileges are suspended if the borrower: owes library bills of $300 or more has one overdue recalled book has more than 100 overdue items Recalls Books may be recalled at any time during their loan, including during the summer and break periods.  Recalled books are usually due back 9 - 14 days from the date of recall. General Circulation Policies All library material must be properly charged out. Its prompt and safe return is the personal responsibility of the individual to whom it is loaned. Overdue notices are sent as a courtesy to remind borrowers that an item should be renewed or returned, but failure to receive a notice does not absolve the borrower of the responsibility to renew or return the item to a Cornell library in a timely manner. The borrower is responsible for notifying the Library immediately if library material is damaged, missing or lost. Address changes: Update your postal mailing address at the Student Center website.  For email configuration, go to http://www.whoiam.cornell.edu. ]
176 ; http://www.library.cornell.edu/colldev/cdeconomics.html ; []
177 ; http://www.library.cornell.edu/ask/chatissues ; [ Search , Course Help Research Help Library Services Requests , Cornell University Library respects the privacy of its patrons and protects their confidentiality. Our chat privacy policy is intended to let patrons know what information is collected by our chat service and how it is used.   The Cornell University Library keeps a staff-use-only database of all of chat transcripts. After 90 days, patrons' names and email addresses are automatically erased from the transcript by the software and only the content of the transcript is retained in the database. The database of transcripts may be used to compile statistics about chat usage and for research to help improve service. Excerpts from transcripts may be used for reports or publications. Personal information (e.g. IP address, email, names, phone numbers, etc.) that might be included in the body of a chat transcript is not shared outside of the Library. The database is hosted on remote servers by our chat software, OCLC QuestionPoint. OCLC QuestionPoint has its own Patron Terms of Service Policy which includes this privacy statement: "Any personal information collected is disclosed only to the extent necessary to fulfill your request for information." If you would prefer your chat transcript be deleted from the database, please email vac11@cornell.edu. Please send the date and time the chat started. ]
178 ; http://www.library.cornell.edu/svcs ; [ Search , Course Help Research Help Library Services Requests , Borrowing and Delivery - View your account and find out how to get materials delivered from the Annex or other Cornell libraries. Computing and Equipment - Find public computing space in campus libraries, as well as additional equipment and technology. Cool Tools - Find newly developed technology tools that make it easier to research and share information. Digitization and Digital Content Mangement - Information about digital projects taking place at the Cornell library. Disability Services - Find a full list of assistive technology and ways to access library services. For Alumni - Ask a Librarian about borrowing privileges and how to use library services off-campus. For Faculty and Instructors - Find out how to place course reserves, follow copyright requirements, request a library session for your class, get books delivered to your office and work with the Library on digital publishing. For Grad Students - Descriptions and links to the most useful services for grad students offered by the library For Visitors - Find directions, parking information and information about visitors' privileges at the Library. Library Spaces - View a list of library classrooms, meeting centers, labs and other spaces; learn which areas have computers, printers and other equipment available; and find out how to reserve spaces available for public use. Research Data Management and Support - Services and expertise related to the management of research data are distributed throughout multiple units at Cornell University. This site is meant to serve as a directory to research data services at Cornell. Social-Networking Practices - Find the Library's rules and suggestions for its social-networking sites. Workshops and Instruction - Sign up for a free workshop, request a research session and more. ]
156 ; http://www.library.cornell.edu/svcs/borrow/docdelfaq ; [ Search , Course Help Research Help Library Services Requests , Login with your Cornell NetID What is Document Delivery? Document Delivery is a service for Cornell students, faculty and staff that provides electronic scans of articles and book chapters from material held by Cornell University Library. All libraries on the Ithaca and Geneva campuses offer this service. Is there a fee for Document Delivery? The fee for scans of articles from most collections held by Cornell University Library is $4.00 for the first 30 pages, $1.00 for each additional 10 pages or portion thereof. Scans of material held in the Library Annex are always free. Articles obtained on Interlibrary Loan for titles not held in the Cornell Library are always free. Other instances where articles are free: On-campus patrons who are permanently or temporarily disabled. You are away from campus doing research or you work in an off-campus Cornell office. Check the list of offices and locations that are eligible for free Document Delivery. If you believe you are eligible for a fee exemption please indicate the reason in the "notes" field of your request upon submission. How do I pay for articles that are not exempt from the fee? Payment is accepted via credit card. Payment is made once the article is available for viewing. What items can be scanned? Articles from journals, conference proceedings and newspapers Book chapters Parts of musical works Parts from manuscripts Pamphlets Documents from CD's Microform material held at the Library Annex Materials not available for scanning: Microform items held by any other library except the Library Annex Items held in the Division of Rare and Manuscripts Collection (contact them directly) Items already available electronically Items restricted by copyright policy Maps How soon can I expect my article? Most Document Delivery requests are available in about 48 hours, however we cannot guarantee a 48 hour turnaround time. What are the limitations on scanning? We must adhere to copyright fair use guidelines in providing articles and book chapters through Document Delivery. Articles are provided for the purpose of private study or research. Any other use may require the permission of the copyright owner. It is the responsibility of the requestor to comply with all applicable copyright laws. We can only provide one article or chapter from a book or single issue of a journal at a time. The Library Annex will copy up to 50 pages. Documents will not be scanned in color. How do I place a request? Log into Interlibrary Loan and Document Delivery using your NetID and password. The first time you use this service you will have to register. The first time you register you will need to select your processing unit. This is the unit that will receive and process your request: Olin Library, Mann Library, the Law Library, Geneva Library or the Veterinary Library. Select "Request an article." If you are willing to pay the fee for scans of non-exempt articles select "yes." If you are not willing to pay or the article will be exempt from fee leave the selection at "no" or select "exempt." Please indicate reason for exemption in the "notes" field. Fill in your citation information and submit request. You will receive an e-mail notification when your article is available to view through your Document Delivery account. All articles will remain available for viewing in your account for 30 days. Questions? Contact your processing unit: Olin Library 255-9564 olin-ils@cornell.edu Mann, Geneva or Veterinary Library 255-7754 mann_ill@cornell.edu Law Library 255-5750 law-ils@cornell.edu ]
181 ; http://www.library.cornell.edu/TROLS ; [ Search , Course Help Research Help Library Services Requests , Teaching, Research, Outreach, and Learning Services represents the public face of the Library and includes all of the unit libraries within the library system. They report to Associate University Librarian Janet McCue. In each unit library, the facilities, collections, and services are expertly managed and customized for specific disciplines and subject areas. Together, the libraries offer the Cornell community and beyond a full array of scholarly information resources and services, and  bringing them together under one umbrella will promote interdisciplinary work and ensure users a consistently high level of service across the system. Contact: Janet A. McCue Associate University Librarian for Teaching, Research, Outreach, and Learning ServicesCornell University Library201 Olin LibraryIthaca, NY 14853tel. 607-255-5181jam7@cornell.edu Link to VIVO profile Organizational Chart Library Directors' Leadership Team The Library Directors' Leadership Team provides leadership in teaching, research, outreach, and learning services that enhances the Library's and the university's academic priorities, goals, and aspirations. The team plans for the future, helps its members solve problems in a collaborative manner, communicates effectively, and builds bridges between unites and their leaders. Humanities and Social Sciences Libraries -- Kornelia Tancheva, Coordinator Law Library -- Claire Germain, Coordinator Life Sciences Libraries -- Mary Ochs, Coordinator Physical Sciences Libraries -- Steve Rockey, Coordinator Specialized Business and Labor Libraries -- Gordon Law, Coordinator Specialized Humanities and Social Sciences Libraries -- Bonna Boettcher, Coordinator Public Services Executive Committee The Public Services Executive Committee (PSEC) represents the needs of the library user communities to the Library Administration. Its responsibility is to coordinate public services activities within CUL, recommend policy, define goals and objectives related to public services activities, and foster responsive and innovative services which may be delivered in person or virtually over the web. The Public Services mandate includes areas, such as instruction, research consultations, circulation, outreach, and public computing. PSEC coordinates its activities and collaborates with staff in areas such as Collection Building, Information Technology, Library Operations, and Research and Assessment. Each of these subcommittees has its own mission: Executive Committee Access Services Committee: Address the needs of system-wide access services functions: circulation, interlibrary services, document delivery, reserves, stacks management, building coverage and facilities, emergency procedures, security, and billing. Develop, recommend, and implement system-wide access services policies, procedures and services. Respond to ongoing issues that are referred to ASC from PSEC, Library Executive Group, and other bodies. Provide support to PSEC priorities; advise PSEC on access services needs and methods. Collaborate with other units, committees, and functional areas to improve/expand access services. Identify training needs and establish effective programs for access services. Promote communication across campus for all access services functions. Monitor and promote development of access services within the profession. Instruction Committee: Provide leadership in maintaining a library-wide commitment to effective instruction.  Ensure that Library instruction is current and compatible with changing educational culture and information trends.  Promote unified Library instruction goals where appropriate. Advise PSEC on appropriate instruction strategies and methods. Facilitate or assist with providing educational opportunities for library instructors. Carry out specific planning tasks as assigned, such as supporting the work of allied initiatives (e.g. information competency and assessment). Contribute to overall CUL public services priorities and planning as requested by PSEC. Public Services/Public Computing Advisory Committee (PCAC): Provide direction regarding the design and implementation of public computing throughout CUL. Advise on services being supported for users and the consistent presentation of those services library-wide. Monitor security measures to be employed on public workstations, balancing them against privacy and access considerations. Serve as a communications link for feedback and announcements between technical staff supporting public computing and library public services staff. Contribute to overall public services priorities through specific tasks as assigned by PSEC. Reference and Outreach Committee: Provide leadership in maintaining a library-wide commitment to effective reference and outreach functions. Working closely with other PSEC committees, serve as an information-sharing venue for reference and outreach best practices and activities. Support the work of and provide input to sub-committees, task forces, and working groups with significant commitments to reference and outreach functions. Establish new sub-committees, task forces and working groups as needed to work on special initiatives. Maintain ongoing communication with Cornell entities that impact reference and outreach functions. Support and expand outreach functions to include areas identified as CUL priorities. Monitor and promote professional developments in reference and outreach; advise PSEC on appropriate reference and outreach strategies and methods. Contribute to overall public services priorities through specific tasks as assigned by PSEC. ]
113 ; http://www.library.cornell.edu/resrch/citmanage/mla ; [ Search , Course Help Research Help Library Services Requests , MLA Citation Style MLA Citation Style Citing Sources in the Text Works Cited list Other documentation styles The Modern Language Association (MLA) establishes values for acknowledging sources used in a research paper. MLA citation style uses a simple two-part parenthetical documentation system for citing sources: Citations in the text of a paper point to the alphabetical Works Cited list that appears at the end of the paper. Together, these references identify and credit the sources used in the paper and allow others to access and retrieve this material. Note: A parenthetical reference to a familiar historical document -- i.e., the United States Constitution -- no longer requires a corresponding entry in the Works Cited list. Citing sources in the text In MLA style, writers place references to sources in the paper to briefly identify them and enable readers to find them in the Works Cited list. These parenthetical references should be kept as brief and as clear as possible. Give only the information needed to identify a source. Usually the author's last name and a page reference suffice. Place the parenthetical reference as close as possible its source. Insert the parenthetical reference where a pause would naturally occur, preferably at the end of a sentence. Information in the parenthesis should complement, not repeat, information given in the text. If you include an author's name in a sentence, you do not need to repeat it in your parenthetical statement. The parenthetical reference should precede the punctuation mark that concludes the sentence, clause, or phrase that contains the cited material. Electronic and online sources are cited just like print resources in parenthetical references. If an online source lacks page numbers, omit numbers from the parenthetical references. If an online source includes fixed page numbers or section numbering, such as numbering of paragraphs, cite the relevant numbers. Examples: Author's name in text Dover has expressed this concern (118-21). Author's name in reference This concern has been expressed (Dover 118-21). Multiple authors of a work This hypothesis (Bradley and Rogers 7) suggested this theory (Sumner, Reichl, and Waugh 23). Two locations Williams alludes to this premise (136-39, 145). Two works cited (Burns 54; Thomas 327) Multivolume works References to volumes and pages (Wilson 2:1-18) References to an entire volume (Henderson, vol. 3) In text reference to an entire volume In volume 3, Henderson suggests Corporate authors (United Nations, Economic Commission for Africa 51-63) Works with no authorWhen a work has no author, use the work's title or a shortened version of the title when citing it in text. (If abbreviating a title, omit initial articles and begin with the word by which it is alphabetized in the Works Cited list.): as stated by the presidential commission (Report 4). Online source without numbered pages Online source with numbered paragraphs on climate change (Howe) (Fox, pars. 4-5) For more detailed information about citing references in the text, please refer to the MLA resources listed below. Works Cited list References cited in the text of a research paper must appear at the end of the paper in a Works Cited list or bibliography. This list provides the information necessary to identify and retrieve each source that specifically supports your research. Arrange entries in alphabetical order by authors' last names (surnames), or by title for sources without authors. Capitalize the first word and all other principal words of the titles and subtitles of cited works listed. (Do not capitalize articles, prepositions, coordinating conjunctions, or the "to" in infinitives.) Shorten the publisher's name; for example, omit articles, business abbreviations (Co., Inc.), and descriptive words (Press, Publisher). When multiple publishers are listed, include all of them, placing a semicolon between each. When more than one city is listed for the same publisher, use only the first city. Use the conjunction "and," not an ampersand [&amp;], when listing multiple authors of a single work. Pagination: Do not use the abbreviations p. or pp. to designate page numbers. Indentation: Align the first line of the entry flush with the left margin, and indent all subsequent lines (5 to 7 spaces) to form a "hanging indent." Italics: Choose a font in which the italic style contrasts clearly with the regular style. Examples Books: References to an entire book should include the following elements: author(s) or editor(s) the complete title edition, if indicated place of publication the shortened name of the publisher date of publication medium of publication No author or editor: Peterson's Annual Guides to Graduate Study. 33rd ed. Princeton, NJ: Peterson's, 1999. Print. Editor: Blistein, Elmer M., Leicester Bradner. The Drama of the Renaissance: Essays for Leicester Bradner. Providence: Brown University Press, 1970. Print. One author: Nabokov, Vladimir. Lolita. New York: Putnam, 1955. Print. Another work, same author: ---. Speak, Memory: An Autobiography Revisited. New York: Knopf, 1999. Print. Two authors: Cross, Susan, and Christine Hoffman. Bruce Nauman: Theaters of Experience. New York: Guggenheim Museum; London: Thames &amp; Hudson, 2004. Print. Three authors: Lowi, Theodore, Benjamin Ginsberg, and Steve Jackson. Analyzing American Government: American Government, Freedom and Power. 3rd ed. New York: Norton, 1994. Print. More than three authors: Gilman, Sandor, et al. Hysteria beyond Freud. Berkeley: U of California P, 1993. Print. Corporate author: Herbert F. Johnson Museum of Art. A Guide to the Herbert F. Johnson Museum of Art, Cornell University. Ithaca: Cornell U, 1973. Print. Multivolume work: Morison, Samuel Eliot, Henry Steele Commager, and William E. Leuchtenburg. The Growth of the American Republic. 2 vols. New York: Oxford UP, 1980. Print. Essay or Chapter in Edited Books or Anthologies: References to an essay or chapter in an edited book or compilation must include the following elements: essay or chapter author(s) essay or chapter title book title book editor(s) or compilers place of publication the shortened name of the publisher date of publication inclusive page numbers of the cited piece medium of publication Article in a book: Ahmedi, Fauzia Erfan. "Welcoming Courtyards: Hospitality, Spirituality, and Gender." Feminism and Hospitality: Gender in the Host/Guest Relationship. Ed. Maurice Hamington. Lanham: Lexington Books, 2010. 109-24. Print. Reprinted article: Hunt, Tim. "The Misreading of Kerouac." Review of Contemporary Fiction 3.2 (1983): 29-33. Rpt. in Contemporary Literary Criticism. Ed. Carl Riley. Vol. 61. Detroit: Gale, 1990. 308-10. Print. Articles or entries from reference books: If the article or entry is signed, place the author's name first; if it is unsigned, give the title first. For well-known reference works, it is not necessary to include full publication information. Include only the title of the reference source, edition, and date of publication. Dictionary entry: "Hospitality." Def. 1a. Webster’s Third New World Dictionary. 1993. Print. Encyclopedia entry: Mercuri, Becky. "Cookies." The Oxford Encyclopedia of Food and Drink in America. Ed. Andrew F. Smith. Vol. 1. 2004. Print. Article from a less familiar reference book: For articles from less familiar reference sources, include the full publication information. Bernheisel, J. Frank. "Setting Recycling Goals and Priorities." McGraw-Hill Recycling Handbook. Ed. Herbert F. Lund. 2nd ed. McGraw-Hill, 2001. Print. Article in Journals, Magazines, and Newspapers: References to periodical articles must include the following elements: • author(s) • article title • publication title (journal, magazine, etc.) • volume number • publication date (abbreviate months, if used) • the inclusive page numbers • medium of publication Issue numbers should be stated as decimals to a given volume number. In the example below, the number 25.4 reads as Volume 25, issue 4. When citing newspapers, it is important to specify the edition used (e.g. late ed.) because different editions of a newspaper may contain different material. Journal article, one author: Matarrita-Cascante, David. "Beyond Growth: Reaching Tourism-Led Development." Annals of Tourism Research 37.4 (2010): 1141-63. Print. Journal article, two authors: Laing, Jennifer, and Warwick Frost. "How Green Was My Festival: Exploring Challenges and Opportunities Associated With Staging Green Events." International Journal of Hospitality Management 29.2 (2010): 261-7. Print. Magazine article: Kaplan, David A. "Corporate America’s No. 1 Gun For Hire." Fortune 1 Nov. 2010: 81-95. Print. Newspaper article, no author: "Africa Day Celebrated in Havana." Granma International 31 May 2009, English ed.: 16. Print. Newspaper article, one author, discontinuous pages: Bajaj, Vikas. "The Double-Edged Rupee." New York Times 27 Oct. 2010: B1+. Print. Government Documents:References to government documents vary in their required elements. In general, if you do not know the writer of the document, cite the government agency that issued the document as author. State document: New York State. Commission on Capital Punishment. Report of the Commission to Investigate and Report the Most Humane and Practical Method of Carrying Into Effect the Sentence of Death in Capital Cases. Albany: Troy, 1888. Print. Federal document: United States. Cong. Senate. Committee on Governmental Affairs. The Future of the Independent Counsel Act. Hearings 106th Cong., 1st sess. Washington: GPO, 1999. Print. International document: United Nations. General Assembly. Convention on the Elimination of All Forms of Discrimination Against Women. New York: United Nations, 1979. Print. Audio Visual Film or video recording: Annie Hall. Dir. Woody Allen. 1977. Videocassette. MGM/UA Home Video, 1991. Sound recording: Counting Crows. August and Everything After. DGC, 1993. CD. Sound recording, specific song: Counting Crows. "Mr. Jones." August and Everything After. DGC, 1993. CD. CD-ROMCitations should include the medium of the electronic publication (CD-ROM), the name of the vendor that made the material available on CD-ROM, and publications dates for the version used, if relevant. "Marriage." Encyclopedia Judaica. CD-ROM. Vers. 1.0. Jerusalem: Judaica Multimedia, 1997. Citing Materials from Online Sources Online Sources:Citations for online sources, like those for print sources, should provide information that both identifies a source and allows that source to be located and retrieved again. All citations should include the medium of publication (Web) and the date the content was accessed. If the source is difficult to locate or your instructor requires a URL, list the complete address within angle brackets after the date. In many cases, it is also necessary to identify the Web site or database that has made the material available online. Because there are currently few standards that govern the organization and presentation of online publications, the information that is available to fulfill these objectives can vary widely from resource to resource. In general, references to online works require more information than references to print sources. See sections 5.6.1-4 in the MLA Handbook for more complete information on creating citations for online sources. Web page: This example includes the optional URL. All other examples below use the shorter citation format. Cornell University Library. "Introduction to Research." Cornell University Library. Cornell University, 2009. Web. 19 June 2009 &lt;http://www.library.cornell.edu/resrch/intro&gt;. Personal Web site: If a work is untitled, you may use a genre label such as Home page, Introduction, etc. Rule, Greg. Home page. Web. 16 Nov. 2008. Entry in an online encyclopedia: "Einstein, Albert." Encyclopaedia Britannica Online. Encyclopedia Britannica, 1999. Web. 27 Apr. 2009. Article from a less familiar online reference book: Nielsen, Jorgen S. "European Culture and Islam." Encyclopedia of Islam and the Muslim World. Ed. Richard C. Martin. New York: Macmillan Reference-Thomson/Gale, 2004. Web. 4 July 2009. Article in an online periodical: If pagination is unavailable or is not continuous, use n. pag. in place of the page numbers. Chaplin, Heather. "Epidemic of Extravagance." Salon 19 Feb. 1999: n. pag. Web. 12 July 1999. Article in a full-text journal accessed from a database: Vargas, Jose Antonio. "The Face of Facebook." New Yorker 86.28 (2010): 54-63. Academic Search Premier. Web. 25 Jan. 2011. Online book with print information: Frost, Robert. North of Boston. 2nd ed. New York: Henry Holt and Co., 1915. Google Books. Web. 30 June 2009. For more detailed information about Works Cited references, please refer to the MLA resources listed below. The examples of MLA style and format listed on this page include many of the most common types of sources used in academic research. For additional examples and more detailed information about MLA citation style, refer to the following resources: MLA Hanbook for Writers of Research Papers. 7th ed. New York: Modern Language Association of America, 2009. Print. This book is designed for high school and undergraduate students. You can find it at the following locations: Olin Library Reference LB2369 .G53 2009 ILR Library Reference LB2369 .G53 2009 MLA STYLE Manual and Guide to Scholarly Publishing. 3rd ed. New York: Modern Language Association of America, 2008. Print. This book is designed for graduate students and professional writers. You can find this publication at the following locations: Olin Library Reference PN147 .G444 2008 Uris Library Reference PN147 .G444 2008 Law Library Reserve PN147 .G444x 2008 Music Library Reference PN147 .G444 2008 "Frequently Asked Questions about the MLA Style Manual." Modern Language Association. Modern Language Association, 2008. Web. 30 June 2009. Other documentation styles Chicago Manual of Style APA Citation Style ]
183 ; http://www.library.cornell.edu/svcs/serve/office ; [ Search , Course Help Research Help Library Services Requests , What is faculty office delivery? This service allows faculty members to request library materials for delivery to their department mail room or administrative office, Monday through Friday, during regular office hours. Requests may be placed through the catalog and turnaround time is 48 hours. Most materials that circulate for three days or longer from the Ithaca and Geneva libraries may be requested, including books, serials, DVDs, videos, audio recordings and computer disks. There is no charge for this service. How does it work? Requests are placed through the library catalog (see instructions below). The library designated as your service provider (usually the one closest to your building) will check out the item to you and deliver it to your department's mail room or administrative office within 48 hours, Monday through Friday, during standard office hours. The Library will notify you when the item has been delivered to your department. To return items, please bring them back to any library, as you do with other library materials.  There is no retrieval service.  Instructions for placing a faculty office delivery request: Go to the Library catalog Locate the item you would like to request and click the "Request Item" button to the right of the title If you are brought to an authentication screen, log in with your NetID and password.  If you are already authenticated, you will be brought directly to the request screen. Type of Request: choose "Book Delivery Services" Pick Up At: choose "Faculty Department Office" Enter your department and building address in the comments box at the end of the screen. Submit form. You will be notified when the item has been delivered to your mailroom, or if the item cannot be delivered for any reason. ]
184 ; http://www.library.cornell.edu/aboutus/partners/Other%20Universities%20and%20University%20Libraries ; [ Search , Course Help Research Help Library Services Requests ]
185 ; http://www.library.cornell.edu/annex/facilities ; [ Search , Course Help Research Help Library Services Requests , Services Facilities History Facilities Overview The Library Annex is a state-of-the-art, environmentally controlled high-density facility, with a steady temperature of 50-55 degrees Fahrenheit and 35% relative humidity.  It is a clean and secure home for library materials in various formats.   Access to materials is provided by electronic and physical document delivery and by the use of an on-site reading room equipped with wireless access, computers, printers, copiers, and microform readers.   Currently, the Library Annex primarily serves as a storage facility for lesser-used materials from the collections of CUL. Although the majority of materials at the Library Annex are books, it also contains more than 31,301 cubic feet of manuscript material from the Division of Rare and Manuscript Collections and the Kheel Center for Labor-Management Documentation and Archives. The Library Annex is located on Palm Road (off Route 366, near the Cornell apple orchard -- see map). Do you need something from the Library Annex collection? Patrons can request Library Annex material and have it delivered to the library of their choice, usually within 24 hours. Certain kinds of material (journal articles and tables of contents) can be delivered electronically to patrons via fax or the internet. ]
187 ; http://www.library.cornell.edu/colldev/cdfinearts.html ; []
159 ; http://www.library.cornell.edu/svcs/socialnetworking ; [ Search , Course Help Research Help Library Services Requests , Cornell University Library defines social networking as the use of any non-Cornell hosted website such as Facebook, where the Library has created an institutional presence and users and library staff can share information. Comments, posts, and messages from anyone inside or outside of the Cornell community are welcome.  The use of Cornell University Library sites is governed by library polices on the Responsible Use of Electronic Communications. The Library screens formally affiliated social-networking sites for inappropriate content and reserves the right to remove material from sites under its control.  When posting messages, the Library asks that people abide by the following guidelines: Under no circumstances should a post be threatening, harassing, bullying, pornographic, sexist, racist, homophobic, or libelous. Practice respectful conversation: No obscenities, personal attacks, name-calling, accusations, defamation, or hate speech. Refrain from posting comments, images, or links not directly related to the content of the forum. Do not post: Intentionally misleading or inaccurate information. Contact information or identifying details, such as phone numbers or e-mail addresses. Information related to advertising, promotion, job recruiting, campaigning, lobbying, spam, soliciting, or proselytizing. Do not post anything while posing as someone else. Do not infringe on the copyright of others. Opinions, comments, images, or any other information expressed on the Library’s social-networking outlets do not necessarily represent those of Cornell University Library. ]
132 ; http://www.library.cornell.edu/aboutus/partners/Global%20Engagement ; [ Search , Course Help Research Help Library Services Requests ]
195 ; http://www.library.cornell.edu/africana/collection/ ; []
196 ; http://www.library.cornell.edu/aboutus/staff/staffdir ; [ Search , Course Help Research Help Library Services Requests ]
198 ; http://www.library.cornell.edu/svcs/borrow/othercul ; [ Search , Course Help Research Help Library Services Requests , Library-to-Library Book Delivery is a service for Cornell patrons. Patrons can request that an item be shipped from one library to another library of their choosing for more convenient pickup. Requests are made electronically using the Library Catalog. Quick facts to know about Library-to-Library Book Delivery: Most circulating materials may be requested through this service, including books, serials, videos/DVDs, audio recordings and computer disks.  Items that circulate for less than three days are not requestable.  Some special collection materials may also be excluded. Patrons cannot make requests to have items paged from and picked up at the same location. Requests will be filled within 48 hours, Monday through Friday. Items will be held for nine days at the selected pick-up library.  After that time, unclaimed items will be shipped back to the owning library. How to make a Library-to-Library Book Delivery Request: Search the Library Catalog and display the record of the item you wish to request. Click the "Request Item" button to the right of the title. (In the Classic Catalog, click the "Requests" button at the top of the screen.) At the log-in screen, enter your NetID and password.  (If you are already authenticated, you will be sent directly to the request form.) Select Book Delivery Services (xxx). The number in parentheses indicates the number of remaining requests you may place. Click OK. At the next screen, choose a library from the "Pick up at" drop-down menu. Click "Submit Request" A confirmation message will display. You will receive an e-mail when the item is ready to be picked up at the library you have chosen. Once you make a Library-to-Library Book Delivery request, you can monitor the status of your request at My Account. ]
33 ; http://www.library.cornell.edu/resrch/libguides/42 ; [ Search , Course Help Research Help Library Services Requests ]
201 ; http://www.library.cornell.edu/resrch/libguides/41 ; [ Search , Course Help Research Help Library Services Requests ]
202 ; http://www.library.cornell.edu/resrch/libguides/40 ; [ Search , Course Help Research Help Library Services Requests ]
204 ; http://www.library.cornell.edu/resrch/libguides/33 ; [ Search , Course Help Research Help Library Services Requests ]
143 ; http://www.library.cornell.edu/finearts/apply/ ; []
206 ; http://www.library.cornell.edu/annex/annexrequest ; [ Search , Course Help Research Help Library Services Requests , Use this form to have material from the Library Annex delivered to a Cornell Library or held at the Annex reading room. If you would like journal articles or tables of contents from the Annex delivered directly to your desktop (digitally or via fax), please use the document delivery request form. (Document delivery is only available to patrons with a valid Cornell ID.) Material from the Annex can be delivered to the Cornell library of your choice, and will usually be available at that library's circulation desk within 24 hours, Monday through Friday. Alternatively, material may be held at the Annex reading room, to be checked out or used there. Email address: * You must provide your full email address if you have one. Name: * Full name as it appears on your Cornell ID or Library card Cornell ID or Library card number: * If you don't have a Cornell ID or Library card, type "visitor." Visitors may use Annex materials at the Annex or at a Cornell library, but do not have borrowing privileges. Telephone number: You may enter two phone numbers if you separate them with a space. Deliver to: * - Select -Africana LibraryAnnexEntomology LibraryFine Arts LibraryGeneva LibraryHotel LibraryIndustrial &amp; Labor Relations LibraryLaw LibraryManagement LibraryMann LibraryMathematics LibraryMusic LibraryOlin LibraryUris LibraryVeterinary Library Material will normally be available at the chosen circulation desk within 24 hours, Monday through Friday. First item requestedStarred fields are needed only for journals. Complete material call number: Book or journal title: Author: Vol/No/Year*: Notes: Second item requestedStarred fields are needed only for journals. Complete material call number: Book or journal title: Author: Vol/No/Year*: Notes: Third item requestedStarred fields are needed only for journals. Complete material call number: Book or journal title: Author: Vol/No/Year*: Notes: By submitting this form, you accept the Mollom privacy policy. ]
207 ; http://www.library.cornell.edu/visualresources/equipment ; [ Search , Course Help Research Help Library Services Requests , Research ToolsResearch SupportDigitizationEquipment &amp; SoftwareCopyrightFAQ Cornell University offers a wide range of equipment and software to serve the diverse needs of the Cornell community. Items such as camcorders, still cameras, GPS units and audio recorders can be checked out for use by faculty, students, and staff. Software to convert and edit digital content can be found across campus. Equipment Lending Fine Arts Library 2nd floor, Sibley Hall The Fine Arts Library offers audio, video, GPS, digital documentation, and presentation equipment for loan to AAP students and faculty. Students from other colleges who are taking AAP courses may also borrow this equipment Uris Library Circulation Desk, Dean Room Peripherals include digital still cameras, digital video cameras, digital voice recorders, and computer/video projectors. These can be checked out for 24 hours from the Uris Library circulation desk during the regular hours. Mann Library 1st floor Circulation Desk Mann Library has digital cameras, audio recorders, microphones, and GPS units available for check-out from the 1st floor Circulation Desk. Academic Computing Center in the Engineering Library (ACCEL) 247 Carpenter Hall The ACCEL labs have digital camcorders, digital cameras, and projectors available for 24-hour checkout. Software Cornell University Library computer labs Follow link to view a list of available software at Library computer stations (listed by software). Cornell Information Technologies (CIT) computer labs Follow link to view a list of available software at CIT computer stations (listed by lab). ]
208 ; http://www.library.cornell.edu/resrch/citmanage/apa ; [ Search , Course Help Research Help Library Services Requests , APA citation style refers to the rules and conventions established by the American Psychological Association for documenting sources used in a research paper. APA style requires both in-text citations and a reference list. For every in-text citation there should be a full citation in the reference list and vice versa. The examples of APA styles and formats listed on this page include many of the most common types of sources used in academic research. For additional examples and more detailed information about APA citation style, refer to the Publication Manual of the American Psychological Association and the APA Style Guide to Electronic References. Also, for automatic generation of citations in appropriate citation style, use a bibliographic citation management program such as Refworks or EndNote. You can find more information on this in our Citation Management page. Reference Citations in Text In APA style, in-text citations are placed within sentences and paragraphs so that it is clear what information is being quoted or paraphrased and whose information is being cited. Examples: Works by a single author The last name of the author and the year of publication are inserted in the text at the appropriate point. from theory on bounded rationality (Simon, 1945) If the name of the author or the date appear as part of the narrative, cite only missing information in parentheses. Simon (1945) posited that Works by multiple authors When a work has two authors, always cite both names every time the reference occurs in the text. In parenthetical material join the names with an ampersand (&amp;). as has been shown (Leiter &amp; Maslach, 1998) In the narrative text, join the names with the word "and." as Leiter and Maslach (1998) demonstrated When a work has three, four, or five authors, cite all authors the first time the reference occurs. Kahneman, Knetsch, and Thaler (1991) found In all subsequent citations per paragraph, include only the surname of the first author followed by "et al." (Latin for "and others") and the year of publication. Kahneman et al. (1991) found Works by associations, corporations, government agencies, etc. The names of groups that serve as authors (corporate authors) are usually written out each time they appear in a text reference. (National Institute of Mental Health [NIMH], 2007) When appropriate, the names of some corporate authors are spelled out in the first reference and abbreviated in all subsequent citations. The general rule for abbreviating in this manner is to supply enough information in the text citation for a reader to locate its source in the Reference List without difficulty. (NIMH, 2007) Works with no author When a work has no author, use the first two or three words of the work's title (omitting any initial articles) as your text reference, capitalizing each word. Place the title in quotation marks if it refers to an article, chapter of a book, or Web page. Italicize the title if it refers to a book, periodical, brochure, or report. on climate change ("Climate and Weather," 1997) Guide to Agricultural Meteorological Practices (1981) Anonymous authors should be listed as such followed by a comma and the date. on climate change (Anonymous, 2008) Specific parts of a source To cite a specific part of a source (always necessary for quotations), include the page, chapter, etc. (with appropriate abbreviations) in the in-text citation. (Stigter &amp; Das, 1981, p. 96) De Waal (1996) overstated the case when he asserted that "we seem to be reaching ... from the hands of philosophers" (p. 218). If page numbers are not included in electronic sources (such as Web-based journals), provide the paragraph number preceded by the abbreviation "para." or the heading and following paragraph. (Mönnich &amp; Spiering, 2008, para. 9) Reference List References cited in the text of a research paper must appear in a Reference List or bibliography. This list provides the information necessary to identify and retrieve each source. Order: Entries should be arranged in alphabetical order by authors' last names. Sources without authors are arranged alphabetically by title within the same list. Authors: Write out the last name and initials for all authors of a particular work. Use an ampersand (&amp;) instead of the word "and" when listing multiple authors of a single work. e.g. Smith, J. D., &amp; Jones, M. Titles: Capitalize only the first word of a title or subtitle, and any proper names that are part of a title. Pagination: Use the abbreviation p. or pp. to designate page numbers of articles from periodicals that do not use volume numbers, especially newspapers. These abbreviations are also used to designate pages in encyclopedia articles and chapters from edited books. Indentation*: The first line of the entry is flush with the left margin, and all subsequent lines are indented (5 to 7 spaces) to form a "hanging indent". Underlining vs. Italics*: It is appropriate to use italics instead of underlining for titles of books and journals. Two additional pieces of information should be included for works accessed online. Internet Address**: A stable Internet address should be included and should direct the reader as close as possible to the actual work. If the work has a digital object identifier (DOI), use this. If there is no DOI or similar handle, use a stable URL. If the URL is not stable, as is often the case with online newspapers and some subscription-based databases, use the home page of the site you retrieved the work from. Date: If the work is a finalized version published and dated, as in the case of a journal article, the date within the main body of the citation is enough. However, if the work is not dated and/or is subject to change, as in the case of an online encyclopedia article, include the date that you retrieved the information. * The APA has special formatting standards for the use of indentation and italics in manuscripts or papers that will be typeset or submitted for official publication. For more detailed information on these publication standards, refer to the Publication Manual of the American Psychological Association, or consult with your instructors or editors to determine their style preferences. ** See the APA Style Guide to Electronic References for information on how to format URLs that take up more than one line. Examples: Articles in journals, magazines, and newspapers References to periodical articles must include the following elements: author(s), date of publication, article title, journal title, volume number, issue number (if applicable), and page numbers. Journal article, one author, accessed online Ku, G. (2008). Learning to de-escalate: The effects of regret in escalation of commitment. Organizational Behavior and Human Decision Processes, 105(2), 221-232. doi:10.1016/j.obhdp.2007.08.002 Journal article, two authors, accessed online Sanchez, D., &amp; King-Toler, E. (2007). Addressing disparities consultation and outreach strategies for university settings. Consulting Psychology Journal: Practice and Research, 59(4), 286-295. doi:10.1037/1065- 9293.59.4.286 Journal article, more than two authors, accessed online Van Vugt, M., Hogan, R., &amp; Kaiser, R. B. (2008). Leadership, followership, and evolution: Some lessons from the past. American Psychologist, 63(3), 182-196. doi:10.1037/0003-066X.63.3.182 Article from an Internet-only journal Hirtle, P. B. (2008, July-August). Copyright renewal, copyright restoration, and the difficulty of determining copyright status. D-Lib Magazine, 14(7/8). doi:10.1045/july2008-hirtle Journal article from a subscription database (no DOI) Colvin, G. (2008, July 21). Information worth billions. Fortune, 158(2), 73-79. Retrieved from Business Source Complete, EBSCO. Retrieved from http://search.ebscohost.com Magazine article, in print Kluger, J. (2008, January 28). Why we love. Time, 171(4), 54-60. Newspaper article, no author, in print As prices surge, Thailand pitches OPEC-style rice cartel. (2008, May 5). The Wall Street Journal, p. A9. Newspaper article, multiple authors, discontinuous pages, in print Delaney, K. J., Karnitschnig, M., &amp; Guth, R. A. (2008, May 5). Microsoft ends pursuit of Yahoo, reassesses its online options. The Wall Street Journal, pp. A1, A12. Books References to an entire book must include the following elements: author(s) or editor(s), date of publication, title, place of publication, and the name of the publisher. No Author or editor, in print Merriam-Webster's collegiate dictionary (11th ed.). (2003). Springfield, MA: Merriam- Webster. One author, in print Kidder, T. (1981). The soul of a new machine. Boston: Little, Brown &amp; Company. Two authors, in print Frank, R. H., &amp; Bernanke, B. (2007). Principles of macro-economics (3rd ed.). Boston: McGraw-Hill/Irwin. Corporate author, author as publisher, accessed online Australian Bureau of Statistics. (2000). Tasmanian year book 2000 (No. 1301.6). Canberra, Australian Capital Territory: Author. Retrieved from http://www.ausstats.abs.gov.au/ausstats/subscriber.nsf/0/CA2568710006989... $File/13016_2000.pdf Edited book Gibbs, J. T., &amp; Huang, L. N. (Eds.). (2001). Children of color: Psychological interventions with culturally diverse youth. San Francisco: Jossey-Bass. Dissertations References for dissertations should include the following elements: author, date of publication, title, and institution (if you accessed the manuscript copy from the university collections). If there is a UMI number or a database accession number, include it at the end of the citation. Dissertation, accessed online Young, R. F. (2007). Crossing boundaries in urban ecology: Pathways to sustainable cities (Doctoral dissertation). Available from ProQuest Dissertations &amp; Theses database. (UMI No. 327681) Essays or chapters in edited books References to an essay or chapter in an edited book must include the following elements: essay or chapter authors, date of publication, essay or chapter title, book editor(s), book title, essay or chapter page numbers, place of publication, and the name of the publisher. One author Labajo, J. (2003). Body and voice: The construction of gender in flamenco. In T. Magrini (Ed.), Music and gender: perspectives from the Mediterranean (pp. 67-86). Chicago: University of Chicago Press. Two editors Hammond, K. R., &amp; Adelman, L. (1986). Science, values, and human judgment. In H. R. Arkes &amp; K. R. Hammond (Eds.), Judgement and decision making: An interdisciplinary reader (pp. 127-143). Cambridge: Cambridge University Press. Encyclopedias or dictionaries and entries in an encyclopedia References for encyclopedias must include the following elements: author(s) or editor(s), date of publication, title, place of publication, and the name of the publisher. For sources accessed online, include the retrieval date as the entry may be edited over time. Encyclopedia set or dictionary Sadie, S., &amp; Tyrrell, J. (Eds.). (2002). The new Grove dictionary of music and musicians (2nd ed., Vols. 1-29). New York: Grove. Article from an online encyclopedia Containerization. (2008). In Encyclopædia Britannica. Retrieved May 6, 2008, from http://search.eb.com Encyclopedia article Kinni, T. B. (2004). Disney, Walt (1901-1966): Founder of the Walt Disney Company. In Encyclopedia of Leadership (Vol. 1, pp. 345-349). Thousand Oaks, CA: Sage Publications. Research reports and papers References to a report must include the following elements: author(s), date of publication, title, place of publication, and name of publisher. If the issuing organization assigned a number (e.g., report number, contract number, or monograph number) to the report, give that number in parentheses immediately after the title. If it was accessed online, include the URL. Government report, accessed online U.S. Department of Health and Human Services. (2005). Medicaid drug price comparisons: Average manufacturer price to published prices (OIG publication No. OEI-05-05- 00240). Washington, DC: Author. Retrieved from http://www.oig.hhs.gov/oei/reports/oei-05-05-00240.pdf Government reports, GPO publisher, accessed online Congressional Budget Office. (2008). Effects of gasoline prices on driving behavior and vehicle markets: A CBO study (CBO Publication No. 2883). Washington, DC: U.S. Government Printing Office. Retrieved from http://www.cbo.gov/ftpdocs/88xx/doc8893/01-14-GasolinePrices.pdf Technical and/or research reports, accessed online Deming, D., &amp; Dynarski, S. (2008). The lengthening of childhood (NBER Working Paper 14124). Cambridge, MA: National Bureau of Economic Research. Retrieved July 21, 2008, from http://www.nber.org/papers/w14124 Document available on university program or department site Victor, N. M. (2008). Gazprom: Gas giant under strain. Retrieved from Stanford University, Program on Energy and Sustainable Development Web site: http://pesd.stanford.edu/publications/gazprom_gas_giant_under_strain/ Audio-visual media References to audio-visual media must include the following elements: name and function of the primary contributors (e.g., producer, director), date, title, the medium in brackets, location or place of production, and name of the distributor. If the medium is indicated as part of the retrieval ID, brackets are not needed. Videocassette/DVD Achbar, M. (Director/Producer), Abbott, J. (Director), Bakan, J. (Writer), &amp; Simpson, B. (Producer) (2004). The corporation [DVD]. Canada: Big Picture Media Corporation. Audio recording Nhat Hanh, T. (Speaker). (1998). Mindful living: a collection of teachings on love, mindfulness, and meditation [Cassette Recording]. Boulder, CO: Sounds True Audio. Motion picture Gilbert, B. (Producer), &amp; Higgins, C. (Screenwriter/Director). (1980). Nine to five [Motion Picture]. United States: Twentieth Century Fox. Television broadcast Anderson, R., &amp; Morgan, C. (Producers). (2008, June 20). 60 Minutes [Television broadcast]. Washington, DC: CBS News. Television show from a series Whedon, J. (Director/Writer). (1999, December 14). Hush [Television series episode]. In Whedon, J., Berman, G., Gallin, S., Kuzui, F., &amp; Kuzui, K. (Executive Producers), Buffy the Vampire Slayer. Burbank, CA: Warner Bros.. Music recording Jackson, M. (1982). Beat it. On Thriller [CD]. New York: Sony Music. Undated Web site content, blogs, and data For content that does not easily fit into categories such as journal papers, books, and reports, keep in mind the goal of a citation is to give the reader a clear path to the source material. For electronic and online materials, include stable URL or database name. Include the author, title, and date published when available. For undated materials, include the date the resource was accessed. Blog entry Arrington, M. (2008, August 5). The viral video guy gets $1 million in funding. Message posted to http://www.techcrunch.com Professional Web site National Renewable Energy Laboratory. (2008). Biofuels. Retrieved May 6, 2008, from http://www.nrel.gov/learning/re_biofuels.html Data set from a database Bloomberg L.P. (2008). Return on capital for Hewitt Packard 12/31/90 to 09/30/08. Retrieved Dec. 3, 2008, from Bloomberg database. Central Statistics Office of the Republic of Botswana. (2008). Gross domestic product per capita 06/01/1994 to 06/01/2008 [statistics]. Available from CEIC Data database. Entire Web siteWhen citing an entire Web site (and not a specific document on that site), no Reference List entry is required if the address for the site is cited in the text of your paper. Witchcraft In Europe and America is a site that presents the full text of many essential works in the literature of witchcraft and demonology (http://www.witchcraft.psmedia.com/). For more detailed information on APA citation style such as information on articles in press, journal special issues and supplements, translations, et cetera, see the Publication Manual of the American Psychological Association and the APA Style Guide to Electronic References. Other citation guides and useful Web sites: American Psychological Association's Web sitePurdue University Online Writing Lab's APA Formatting and Style GuideDiana Hacker's Research and Documentation OnlineLandmark's Son of Citation Machine Prepared by Cornell University Library PSEC Documentation CommitteeNovember 2002; Revised February 2010 ]
127 ; http://www.library.cornell.edu/svcs/libraryspaces/libspacesxtype ; [ Search , Course Help Research Help Library Services Requests ]
31 ; http://www.library.cornell.edu/wclsearchtips ; [ Search , Course Help Research Help Library Services Requests , Which catalog will do the best search for my needs? Both the Library Catalog and Classic Catalog have advantages and disadvantages, depending on the type of search you need to do. Each system performs searches differently across very different platforms, so if you were to perform the same search in each system, the results could be very different. Below is a brief overview of how the systems compare. See the Finding Books page or download the Search Guide for detailed advice on searching. Library Catalog Classic Catalog How does the basic search work? Employs a Google-like free text keyword search. You can use the Advanced Search or command codes to search by fields (author, title, or subject). For assistance, see the WorldCat help page. Depends on "fielded searches." You choose what element of the record (author, title, subject, call number, etc.) to search. What does this system search? Resources in libraries around the world. Most resources that are owned by Cornell University Library, including many online resources to which the Library provides access. A majority of the resources available from our Borrow Direct partner libraries. In the Advanced Search mode, you can limit your search by language.  You can also limit your search to a specific library within the Cornell system, and access course reserves. Items held physically by Cornell University Library or electronic resources to which the Library subscribes. Compared to Library Catalog, this system has all Cornell subscribed ebooks, journal titles, recent issues of print journals, and books on order or in the process of being added to the collection. You can also limit your search to a specific library within the Cornell system, access course reserves, and search by local fields such as donor and collection names. Does the system search journal articles? Yes. Searches for articles within some journals. Includes citations for articles included in the following sources: ArticleFirst (articles from a wide range of journals in all subjects); MEDLINE (medicine and health); GPO (U.S. government publications); and ERIC (education). "Get it Cornell" links are provided to help locate the articles in full-text. No. Searches books, audiovisual materials, sound recordings, and many other formats, but does not search for articles within journals. You will need to search separate databases to find articles. If you have only a journal abbreviation, check JAbbr to find the full journal title. What are the differences in the search results? Search results are relevance-ranked, but with Cornell-held items appearing before items from other libraries. Results can be sorted by relevance, relevance and location, author, title, and date. You can also narrow your results using facets. Search results can be manipulated in various ways, but they are not ranked in terms of relevance. How can I retrieve non-Cornell materials? You can find and request non-Cornell items without leaving the Library Catalog. To request an item, click on this button: You need to search a separate database to find non-Cornell items. You can then request items through interlibrary loan and Borrow Direct. What else does this system allow me to do? View cover art and reviews when they are available. Mark, save, and e-mail citations or download them to your citation management tool. Sign-up for a free account to create personalized lists, bibliographies, and to contribute reviews. Mark, save, and e-mail citations. View which items you have checked out and renew materials. What types of materials may have better search results? Materials not owned by Cornell University Library that are retrievable through interlibrary loan and Borrow Direct. Law resources (texts of treaties, codes, session laws, and specific pieces of legislation). Some items from the Music Library and in the Rare and Manuscript Collections. Listings for materials included in some large online collections, such as Eighteenth Century Collection Online (ECCO) and Early English Books Online (EEBO). Large, multi-volume sets and/or serials. Cornell's copies of some older journal titles. Cornell records for books on order or in the process of being added to the collection, including recent issues of print journals. Some e-books. ]
163 ; http://www.library.cornell.edu/africana/clarke/ ; []
217 ; http://www.library.cornell.edu/aboutus ; [ Search , Course Help Research Help Library Services Requests , Welcome! In a time of rapid change, Cornell University Library continues to stand at the center of intellectual life on campus. With world-class collections and services — print, online, and in person — our Library serves as an indispensible partner in study, teaching and research at the university. more... Inside the Library Libraries Central Departments History and Purpose Library Publications Public Policies Strategic Plan Collections Collections Overview List of Subject Librarians Digital Collections Scholarly Publishing Special Collections Visitor Information Addresses Directions Parking Visitor Privileges Weill Visitors Staff University Librarian Library Executive Group Employment Staff Directory Organizational Chart (PDF) Staff Web Giving Opportunities Find information about making donations to the library and an explanation of our campaign priorities. Partnerships &amp; Initiatives The Library partners with faculty, departments and corporations to advance the university’s mission. ]
220 ; http://www.library.cornell.edu/resrch/libguides ; [ Search , Course Help Research Help Library Services Requests ]
118 ; http://www.library.cornell.edu/resrch/citing/bibtut ; [ Search , Course Help Research Help Library Services Requests , What is an Annotated Bibliography? An annotated bibliography is a list of citations to books, articles, and documents. Each citation is followed by a brief (approximately 150-word) descriptive and evaluative paragraph, the annotation. The purpose of the annotation is to inform the reader of the relevance, accuracy, and quality of the sources cited. Annotations vs. Abstracts: Abstracts are the purely descriptive summaries often found at the beginning of scholarly journal articles or in periodical indexes. Annotations are descriptive and critical; they expose the author's point of view, clarity and appropriateness of expression, and authority. The Process: Locate books, periodicals, and documents that may contain useful information and ideas on your topic. Briefly examine and review the actual items. Choose those works that provide a variety of perspectives on your topic. Cite the book, article, or document using the appropriate style. Write a concise annotation that summarizes the central theme and scope of the book or article. Include one or more sentences that evaluate the authority or background of the author, comment on the intended audience, compare or contrast this work with another you have cited, or explain how this work illuminates your bibliography topic. Sample Annotated Bibliography for a Journal Article: The following example uses the APA format for the journal citation: Goldschneider, F. K., Waite, L. J., &amp; Witsberger, C. (1986). Nonfamily living and the erosion of traditional family orientations among young adults. American Sociological Review, 51(4), 541-554. The authors, researchers at the Rand Corporation and Brown University, use data from the national Longitudinal Surveys of Young Women and Young Men to test their hypothesis that nonfamily living by young adults alters their attitudes, values, plans, and expectations, moving them away from their belief in traditional sex roles. They find their hypothesis strongly supported in young females, while the effects were fewer in studies of young males. Increasing the time away from parents before marrying increased individualism, self-sufficiency, and changes in attitudes about families. In contrast, an earlier study by Williams, cited below, shows no significant gender differences in sex role attitudes as a result of nonfamily living. ]
225 ; http://www.library.cornell.edu/scholarlycomm/copyright/ ; [ Overview When you publish a book or a paper, many publishers will ask you to transfer all copyrights in the work to them. But that is not always to your advantage. When you assign copyright to publishers, you lose control over your scholarly output. Assignment of copyright ownership may limit your ability to incorporate elements into future articles and books or to use your own work in teaching at the University. Others at Cornell might be forced to pay to use the material in their teaching. Unless addressed in the transfer agreement, you may be forbidden by the publisher to do the following: Post the work to your own web site or to a disciplinary online archive Copy the work for distribution to students Use the work as the basis for future articles or other works Give permission for the work to be used in a course at Cornell Grant permission to faculty and students at other universities to use the material The American Association for the Advancement of Science (AAAS) has urged that &quot;...scientists, as authors, should strive to use the leverage of their ownership of the bundle of copyright rights, whether or not they transfer copyright, to secure licensing terms that promote as much as possible ready access to and use of their published work.&quot; We present some copyright options that can help. , Additional Resources The AAAS report about scientists' authorship rights in the digital age. Making change work for you from Create Change ]
228 ; http://www.library.cornell.edu/Adminops/ ; []
123 ; http://www.library.cornell.edu/colldev/cdmath.html ; []
230 ; http://www.library.cornell.edu/finearts/collections.html ; []
99 ; http://www.library.cornell.edu/sasa/sac.htm ; []
94 ; http://www.library.cornell.edu/colldev/cdclassics.html ; []
238 ; http://www.library.cornell.edu/finearts/ ; []
223 ; http://www.library.cornell.edu/visualresources/faq ; [ Search , Course Help Research Help Library Services Requests , Research ToolsResearch SupportDigitizationEquipment &amp; SoftwareCopyrightFAQ Frequently Asked Questions I need help using ARTstor for my classes. Where should I go? The library provides workshops as well as one-on-one consultations in the use of ARTstor. See the Olin/Uris Workshops page for a schedule of upcoming workshops. To request a consultation with a trained visual resource specialist, write vrhelp-l@cornell.edu. Where do I go to have images scanned for a class? The Academic Technology Center (ATC) (Room 124 Computer and Communications Center) will scan slides and flat material for faculty at no charge, with an approximate turn-around time of 1-2 weeks. Digital Consulting and Production Services (DCAPS) will scan slides, monographs, oversized material, and flatbed material for a small fee (faculty should check with their department chairs to determine whether or not their departments will cover costs). There are also many self-service scanning facilities on campus. I want to use an image of something in Cornell's Rare and Manuscript Collections. Can I find the image online, and do I need to ask permission to use it? The Division of Rare and Manuscript Collections (RMC) maintains an online collection of images through the Cornell’s Luna Insight platform. You may also request digitization of material from RMC, subject to curatorial approval. For more information on RMC's reproduction services and to submit an online request form, click here. For permission requests, please contact the Permissions Coordinator at RMC. I need to prepare a PowerPoint presentation using high-quality images. What resources are available to me? Cornell University Library maintains two large image databases, ARTstor and Luna Insight, which host many diverse collections. Both ARTstor and Luna include presentation tools that allow you to export your presentation to PowerPoint. Faculty, staff, and other Cornell affiliates who have a need for special account privileges for instruction, research and development can gain access to the presentation tools by emailing a request to vrhelp-l@cornell.edu. Please include "ARTstor Instructor Password Request" or "Insight Password Request" in the subject heading, and indicate if you are faculty, staff, or other Cornell affiliate. I've heard that ARTstor has its own presentation software called OIV. Where can I get a copy of this? Members of the Cornell community may download the OIV from the ARTstor Web site. You must first register with your current Cornell University email address to indicate that you are a member of the Cornell community in order to use all of ARTstor’s features, including the OIV. I want to publish an image I found in a database owned by Cornell. Am I allowed to do this? Who can help with copyright-related questions? Cornell University Library maintains the Copyright Information Center Web site, which serves as an information clearinghouse for Cornell policies, general information, reference materials, and information on the University's copyright awareness and education programs. You can also find information about the copyright clearance and consultancy services to assist you with your copyright-related questions. I want to use image resources in my lectures. Who can assist me? Cornell University Library has trained visual resources specialists on staff to support your instructional needs. Please contact vrhelp-l@cornell.edu to schedule a consultation. I'm a TA and need to obtain instructor-level privileges for sharing image folders with students. How do I obtain a password? Cornell University faculty and graduate students may request a password to obtain instructor privileges. To request an instructor password, send an email message to vrhelp-l@cornell.edu. Please include "ARTstor Instructor Password Request" in the subject heading, and indicate your departmental affiliation. I need images uploaded into ARTstor and Luna. How can I get this done? Faculty and graduate students can work with Digital Consulting and Production Services (DCAPS) to make their images available via ARTstor and Luna. Contact dcaps@cornell.edu for more information. Where can I get support for a digital collection project that I am involved in? Digital Consulting and Production Services (DCAPS) provides a suite of services to support the digital collection building process. Contact dcaps@cornell.edu for more information. In addition, CIT holds an annual grant competition to support technology-related faculty projects. The Faculty Innovation in Teaching (FIT) program is designed to allow faculty to develop innovative instructional technology projects that have the potential to improve the educational process. The program provides faculty with the technical staff and other resources necessary to plan and implement their projects, thus allowing faculty to focus on their pedagogical objectives. For more information, contact vrhelp-l@cornell.edu ]
179 ; http://www.library.cornell.edu/resrch/libguides/39 ; [ Search , Course Help Research Help Library Services Requests ]
194 ; http://www.library.cornell.edu/resrch/libguides/35 ; [ Search , Course Help Research Help Library Services Requests ]
3 ; http://www.library.cornell.edu/finearts/equipment/ ; []
131 ; http://www.library.cornell.edu/colldev/cdamericanhistory.html ; []
250 ; http://www.library.cornell.edu/svcs/borrow/proxy ; [ Search , Course Help Research Help Library Services Requests , Proxy Borrowers are persons who have been authorized by a faculty or staff member to borrow library materials in the faculty or staff member's name.  Any person may be authorized as a proxy (not limited to Cornell students and staff). The faculty or staff member will remain solely responsible for the return of the materials borrowed by their proxies, and will receive all library notices for those materials (recall notices, courtesy reminders, availability notices, overdue notices and fine/fee statements). A faculty/staff member may authorize multiple proxies. The period of authorization may be any length of time up to one year (renewable annually upon request). To authorize a proxy, contact the Library Public Services office, libpublicservices@cornell.edu, 116 Olin Library, (607) 255-5069; or contact Mann Library Circulation, mann_circ@cornell.edu. Please supply the following information: Your name, department and Cornell ID number The name of your proxy If your proxy is a Cornell student, faculty or staff member, please give their Cornell Net ID If your proxy is not a Cornell student, faculty or staff member, please give their postal address and phone number Expiration date of the authorization (up to one year) Checking out books: If the proxy is a Cornell affiliated person, they need only present their Cornell ID card and tell the library staff that they are checking out books for you. It is not necessary for the proxy to have your Cornell ID number. The Library will verify the proxy relationship and charge out the books to your account. If the proxy is not a Cornell affiliated person, they will be issued a Proxy ID card by the Library, and will present that card to check out books in your name.  It is not necessary for the proxy to have your Cornell ID number. Proxies who are Cornell affiliated and have borrowing privileges in their own right, and who borrow books using their own credentials, will remain personally responsible for any materials so obtained.  Proxies who are not Cornell affiliated do not have library privileges of their own. If you have any questions about proxy authorization, or questions about materials checked out through a proxy, please contact the Library Public Services office, 116 Olin Library, or the Mann Library Circulation office. ]
251 ; http://www.library.cornell.edu/africana/thesis/topics.html ; []
191 ; http://www.library.cornell.edu/accessiblesearch ; [ Search , Course Help Research Help Library Services Requests ]
253 ; http://www.library.cornell.edu/svcs/borrow/gradnewstatus ; [ Search , Course Help Research Help Library Services Requests , All registered graduate students, including those registered In Absentia, have full library privileges.   Graduate students undergoing a change in status are eligible for the following services: Students on Leave of Absence Advanced doctoral students may be eligible for the Library Privilege Program for Advanced Doctoral Students on Leave of Absence: This program is for doctoral students in good standing who: Have completed their A exams but have exhausted their funding guarantees Are on an approved leave Reside in the Ithaca area Eligible students may apply for library privileges for up to one year (with renewal possible for up to one additional year) for a fee of $200 per semester.  See application form.  Grads will retain full graduate student library privileges for the duration of the authorized period. Other graduate students who are on leave or are no longer registered may apply for a library privilege card. Alumni privileges Students who have received a degree are eligible for alumni library services, including access to a limited number of electronic databases.  For information, see Library Services for Alumni. All other students Students who are no longer registered may be eligible to apply for a library privilege card which provides guest borrowing privileges. Graduate students who no longer have borrowing privileges, but who remain in the Ithaca area, may be eligibile to purchase a library privilege card as a local resident.  The cost is $25/month or $250/year.  Borrowing privileges are good at all libraries, but restrictions apply.  For full details about privileges and how to apply, see Guest Borrower privileges. New York State residents may apply for a Contract College Privilege Card (no charge).  Borrowing privileges are limited to Mann, Vet, ILR, Geneva and Entomology; other restrictions apply.  For full information, see the Mann Library web site. Contacts Graduate School, 143 Caldwell Hall, (607) 255-5820 Library Public Services Office, 116 Olin Library, (607) 255-5069, email libpublicservices@cornell.edu ]
254 ; http://www.library.cornell.edu/annex/news/expansionproject/shortoverview ; [ Search , Course Help Research Help Library Services Requests , Expansion Overview (Short Version) CompromiseIn 1991 the Trustees approved the strategic plan for library space that called for the building of a new Library Annex and for no new construction on campus after 2000 for the endowed libraries and after 2011 for the statutory libraries. Expanding the Library Annex was a compromise between the concerns of the University Administration and the Trustees about funding and campus space and the Library Administration's interest in caring for the collection and providing services to users. ConstructionAfter a lengthy planning and approval process, construction of the new Annex began in April 1997 and was completed in March 1998. The move of one million volumes began in late May of 1998. For more detailed information, consult theConstruction Schedule &amp; Photo Album. Selection StrategiesThere are two selection strategies in use. In one, selectors review items based on checking the stacks with or without a list of material that has not been checked out online. In the other strategy, items are identified through a computer generated list of works published before a specified date that have not circulated online. Each library's specific strategy is outlined in the document "Summary of Selection Methods and Quantity of Material by Library". Project ScheduleIn April 1997, staff began marking, barcoding, and boxing material in preparation for the move. The move itself began on May 24, 1998. ServicesUsers can request material by telephone, e-mail, a Web-based request form, or in person at the Annex. The staff retrieve items which users can check out from the Annex directly, use in the new Annex reading room, or pick-up at any library on campus. The only exception is archival materials, which must be used in a designated reading room on campus. The Annex is open from 9 a.m. to 4 p.m., Monday through Friday. Requested items are delivered within 24 hours. Scanning, printing, fax, Ariel, microfilm and microfiche services are also available. If an item is requested multiple times, the selector will be asked to decide if it should be permanently returned to campus. ]
258 ; http://www.library.cornell.edu/visualresources/support ; [ Search , Course Help Research Help Library Services Requests , Research ToolsResearch SupportDigitizationEquipment &amp; SoftwareCopyrightFAQ Cornell University Library offers a number of online and in-person instruction services for users of digital images, from hands-on workshops and electronic guides to customized consultation sessions. For information about image repositories on campus, please see Research Tools. Workshops The Library offers hands-on workshops in its electronic classroom that teach Cornell students, faculty, and staff how to find, use, share, and manage digital images. Finding Images An introduction to finding and using images from Cornell's digital image collections and other visual resources. Digital Image Research Designed for experienced digital image researchers. An insider’s guide to using Cornell’s licensed digital image collections including ARTstor &amp; Luna. For faculty &amp; graduate students. Introduction to Photoshop A hands-on introduction to image manipulation using the Adobe Photoshop CS3 software. Introduction to Video Editing Covers the basics of video editing with Adobe Premiere. Schedule of upcoming CUL workshops Online Guides Online guides created by librarians explain how to find digital image resources, including those licensed or built by the Cornell University Library. The guides also offer software tools and tips for finding digital images efficiently and quickly. Finding Images A guide to accompany the Finding Images workshop. Digital Image Research A guide to searching for images, and an advanced guide to using licensed and Cornell-built image collections and software, including ARTstor and Luna Insight. Unexpected Images A guide to finding images in text-based databases. Customized Consultations Cornell University Library vrhelp-l@cornell.edu Schedule a one-on-one consultation with a trained visual resource specialist, who will provide guidance in using ARTstor, Luna, or in obtaining high-quality digital images. ]
267 ; http://www.library.cornell.edu/svcs/borrow ; [ Search , Course Help Research Help Library Services Requests , Borrowing Circulation Policies Faculty and staff Graduate students (registered) Graduate students (undergoing a change in status) Undergraduate students Library Card holders (guest borrowers) 2CUL - Borrowing Privileges at Columbia University Libraries Visitors Alumni Weill Cornell Medical College visitors Proxy Borrowers Returning books Renewing books Delivery Placing Requests Items that are checked out (Recall/Hold/Borrow Direct) Items in other Cornell libraries (Library-to-Library book delivery) Books to be delivered to faculty offices Books in the Library Annex Note: There is no fee for articles scanned from books or journals located in the Library Annex. Scans of articles from materials located in other Cornell libraries may be free as well; please see the Document Delivery page for details. Articles from Cornell libraries (Document Delivery) Articles from the Library Annex (Document Delivery - no fee) Items from non-Cornell libraries: Borrow DirectFor Cornell students, faculty and staff. Use to request books that Cornell University Library does not own or that are currently unavailable (checked out, missing, etc.). Interlibrary Loan For Cornell students, faculty and staff. Use to request books, videos, articles and other materials that Cornell University Library does not own. Interlibrary Lending for businesses and other institutions, as well as non-Cornell individuals, to request items from Cornell collections (restrictions apply). ]
268 ; http://www.library.cornell.edu/ ; []
30 ; http://www.library.cornell.edu/resrch/libguides/7 ; [ Search , Course Help Research Help Library Services Requests ]
35 ; http://www.library.cornell.edu/resrch/libguides/5 ; [ Search , Course Help Research Help Library Services Requests ]
39 ; http://www.library.cornell.edu/svcs/grad ; [ Search , Course Help Research Help Library Services Requests , · In-stack access and loan: Most books and many serials may be borrowed for 6 months, with almost-unlimited renewal (unless requested by another user or if material is otherwise restricted). Shorter loans usually apply to special formats (visual, microform, maps, audio, reference). Some collections do not circulate but may be used on-site. There is no practical limit on the number of items that can be checked out, nor on the number of times borrowed items can be renewed. · Library to Library delivery: http://www.library.cornell.edu/svcs/borrow/othercul o Request items be sent to another campus library (Ithaca and Geneva campus) for more convenient pickup; usually 24 hr turnaround. Includes most items from regular circulating collections: books, serials, videos, DVDs, music and microforms. Note: paging for same-library hold not available. · Article scanning (document delivery): Articles from print journals on campus can be scanned and sent to you electronically; $4.00 per article, but no charge if the item is located at the Library Annex. (Other fee exemptions apply.) https://cornell.hosts.atlas-sys.com/illiad/illiad.dll · Borrow Direct: Is the book you want checked out, missing or unavailable for other reasons? Get it through Borrow Direct. Borrow books from 6 other peer institutions, with quicker turnaround than you can get through recall in most cases (average 4-day turnaround). 6 week loan, with one additional renewal allowed. http://www.library.cornell.edu/svcs/borrow/bordir · Recall: If a book is checked out, place a recall and get it within 9 days in most cases. The amount of time until the book is available for you to pick up varies depending on whether there are prior requests, and the length of time the book has already been on loan. Users get a minimum of 2-weeks usage on a borrowed book. · MyAccount: http://www.library.cornell.edu/myacct View the list of items you have checked out, renew them, view the status of your requests, view other account information. · Borrowing privileges for spouses: If your spouse/registered same-sex domestic partner is not a Cornell student, faculty or staff member, he/she can receive borrowing privileges based on your active grad student status. One-time fee of $40 applies. See information at http://www.library.cornell.edu/aboutus/visit/priv/guest · Unregistered grad students completing a doctoral degree may qualify for library privileges. See Normal 0 false false false EN-US X-NONE X-NONE MicrosoftInternetExplorer4 Normal 0 false false false EN-US X-NONE X-NONE MicrosoftInternetExplorer4 /* Style Definitions */ table.MsoNormalTable {mso-style-name:"Table Normal"; mso-tstyle-rowband-size:0; mso-tstyle-colband-size:0; mso-style-noshow:yes; mso-style-priority:99; mso-style-qformat:yes; mso-style-parent:""; mso-padding-alt:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt; mso-para-margin:0in; mso-para-margin-bottom:.0001pt; mso-pagination:widow-orphan; font-size:11.0pt; font-family:"Calibri","sans-serif"; mso-ascii-font-family:Calibri; mso-ascii-theme-font:minor-latin; mso-fareast-font-family:"Times New Roman"; mso-fareast-theme-font:minor-fareast; mso-hansi-font-family:Calibri; mso-hansi-theme-font:minor-latin; mso-bidi-font-family:"Times New Roman"; mso-bidi-theme-font:minor-bidi;} /* Style Definitions */ table.MsoNormalTable {mso-style-name:"Table Normal"; mso-tstyle-rowband-size:0; mso-tstyle-colband-size:0; mso-style-noshow:yes; mso-style-priority:99; mso-style-qformat:yes; mso-style-parent:""; mso-padding-alt:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt; mso-para-margin:0in; mso-para-margin-bottom:.0001pt; mso-pagination:widow-orphan; font-size:11.0pt; font-family:"Calibri","sans-serif"; mso-ascii-font-family:Calibri; mso-ascii-theme-font:minor-latin; mso-fareast-font-family:"Times New Roman"; mso-fareast-theme-font:minor-fareast; mso-hansi-font-family:Calibri; mso-hansi-theme-font:minor-latin; mso-bidi-font-family:"Times New Roman"; mso-bidi-theme-font:minor-bidi;} http://www.library.cornell.edu/svcs/borrow/gradnewstatus · Mobile interface to the catalog: http://library.cornell.edu/m · iPhone and iPad catalog app: http://iphoneapps.cit.cornell.edu/culibrary/index.html o Allows you to search the catalog, find library hours, manage your library account (renew books, view status of requests, etc.), contact a librarian for help, and browse featured mobile links. · Study Rooms –All libraries: http://www.library.cornell.edu/svcs/libraryspaces/libspacesxtype/40 Mann Studies: http://www.mannlib.cornell.edu/rooms-labs/study-room-loans Olin Studies: http://www.library.cornell.edu/olinuris/ref/info/olinstudyr.html · Wireless internet access is available in all libraries. See Red Rover coverage map in the libraries: http://www.cit.cornell.edu/services/redrover/coverage_libraries.cfm · Laptop and equipment loans – Most libraries loan laptops for 3 or 4 hours (in-library use only). Mann Library laptops: http://www.mannlib.cornell.edu/equipment-software/laptopsA wide variety of other equipment is available for loan (loan period varies): http://www.library.cornell.edu/svcs/equipment/other · Computer Labs: Libraries: http://www.library.cornell.edu/svcs/libraryspaces/libspacesxtype/39 CIT Labs: http://www2.cit.cornell.edu/services/labs/ · Software: Mann Library: http://www.mannlib.cornell.edu/equipment-software/software CUL: http://www.library.cornell.edu/wheredoi/software.html CIT: http://mapping.cit.cornell.edu/publiclabs/map/index.cfm · Printing: o NetPrint allows you to print from a workstation or through wireless access at any library location (or other campus location) and bill the cost directly to your Bursar account. See http://www.cit.cornell.edu/services/netprint/about/faq.cfm o Printing on special printers (color, plotter, etc.) http://www.library.cornell.edu/svcs/equipment/printing · Scanning: Most libraries have scanners or scanning photocopiers. See http://www.mannlib.cornell.edu/equipment-software/scanners · Cafés in the libraries: Food, drink and wireless access is available in both café locations below. Cafés are open most of the same hours that the libraries are open. o Manndible Café (Mann Library): http://manndiblecafe.com/ o Libe Café (Olin Library): http://www.campuslife.cornell.edu/campuslife/dining/libe-cafe.cfm ]
275 ; http://www.library.cornell.edu/resrch/citmanage ; [ Search , Course Help Research Help Library Services Requests , Quick Link: RefWorks Login Need Help?  Send us your citation management question Guides for Citing Sources: Code of Academic Integrity APA citation style (Print PDF) MLA citation style (Print PDF) Citing Materials from Online Sources Chicago Manual of Style online (Quick Guide) Annotated bibliography how-to Citation Management Tools: What is citation management software? Citation management software allows a user to organize and retrieve information, such as citations for books, articles, and Web sites, by interfacing with library databases. The citation manager then works with word-processing software to insert properly formatted footnotes or citations into a paper and create a properly formatted bibliography. Which citation management programs are used at Cornell? Individuals at Cornell use a range of programs, but the Cornell University Library supports RefWorks and EndNote. Comparison of Citation Management Software: RefWorks, EndNote, Zotero, Papers, Mendeley Now available at Cornell! Jointly funded by CU Library and CIT, RefWorks is a web-based tool for managing citations and bibliographies. RefWorks is produced by CSA. RefWorks Login (First-time users must set up an account) Using RefWorks with Selected Cornell Databases RefWorks at Cornell FAQ Campus workshops on RefWorks: Mann Library Catherwood (ILR) Olin-Uris Library Self-guided instruction and help is available at RefWorks' site: Tutorial Quick Start Guide (PDF) Help FAQ For questions or problems with RefWorks, contact us. EndNote is citation management software produced by ISI. A free 30-day trial is available through the EndNote website. The software can be purchased at the Campus Store. Campus workshops on EndNote are regularly offered at: Mann Library Olin-Uris Library A self-guided instruction through online tutorials is available at Mann Library. Information about using EndNote with the CU catalog: Download connection Download filter Information about using EndNote with CU databases (through filters and connections) customized for Cornell: Humanities and Social Sciences Sciences For questions or problems with EndNote, contact us. ]
277 ; http://www.library.cornell.edu/aboutus/collections/strength/special ; [ Search , Course Help Research Help Library Services Requests , Asia Collections Echols Collection on Southeast Asia The Echols Collection is the foremost library resource on Southeast Asia in the United States. Annually it adds more than 8,000 titles to its collection. It is the most comprehensive body of material on a global region in the Cornell University Library system and the largest collection on Southeast Asia in the United States. http://asia.library.cornell.edu/ac/Echols/ Wason Collection on East-Asia The Charles W Wason Collection on East Asia is the premiere collection of East Asian manuscripts and artwork in the United States. http://asia.library.cornell.edu/ac/Wason/ South Asia Collection With material from India, Pakistan, Sri Lanka, Bangladesh and Nepal, the South Asia Collection is the fourth largest in the United States and the largest intershelved collection combining both Indic and Western languages. Collections in rural sociology, anthropology, communications, education, regional planning and art history are also noteworthy among the South Asia Collection. The holdings also include the Gandhi Memorial Library, which Cornell received as a gift in 1949. http://asia.library.cornell.edu/ac/SouthAsia/ Mann Library Collections Language of Flowers Collection The remarkable Language of Flowers Collection was donated to the library by award-winning garden writer Isabel Zucker '26. The 147 volumes in this collection include many early 19th-century texts on the art of expressing emotions, sentiments, and moral lessons through floral arrangements. They are a valuable resource for researchers in Victorian culture, horticulture as art, and women's lifestyles. http://www.mannlib.cornell.edu/collections/development/ specialcollections/languageflowers.cfm Phillips Beekeeping Collection An endowment named in honor of apiculturist and Cornell professor Dr. Everett Franklin Phillips (1878-1951) supports the world's largest and most valuable cllection of books and manuscripts on bees and beekeeping. The Phillips Beekeeping Collection endowment, established in the mid-1920s, is Mann Library's oldest endowment, originally funded by New York State beekeepers and royalties received from the Dyce Honey Patent http://www.mannlib.cornell.edu/collections/development/ specialcollections/phillips.cfm Rice Poultry Collection The Rice Poultry Collection, named after Cornell professor James E. Rice, America's first professor of poultry husbandry, is a major repository of information on poultry science. Over 800 pre-1900 volumes, the earliest works in the poultry collection, are housed in Special Collections. http://www.mannlib.cornell.edu/collections/development/ specialcollections/rice.cfm Rare and Manuscript Collections Fiske Icelandic Collection The Fiske Icelandic Collection, located in the Division of Rare and Manuscript Collections, is the largest repository of works on Iceland and on Nordic medieval studies in North America. The collection, which Cornell University Library received in 1905, contains over 32,000 titles in a variety of European languages and in diverse media. http://rmc.library.cornell.edu/Fiske/ Human Sexuality Collection The Human Sexuality Collection seeks to preserve and make accessible primary sources that document historical shifts in the social construction of sexuality, with a focus on U.S. lesbian and gay history and the politics of pornography. Lesbian, bisexual, gay, and transgendered politics on the national level is a major strength of the Collection. http://rmc.library.cornell.edu/HSC History of Science Collection The library's History of Science Collections house one of the world's finest selections of rare scientific books. More than 35,000 volumes document the historical development of the physical and biological sciences, technology, and nonclinical medicine from the Renaissance through the nineteenth century, focussing mainly on developments in Europe and America. http://rmc.library.cornell.edu/collections/scienceandtech.html Witchcraft Collection Cornell's Witchcraft Collection contains over 3,000 titles documenting the history of the Inquisition and the persecution of witchcraft. Highlights from the Witchcraft Collection include many early texts from the period when the theory of the heresy of witchcraft was being formulated, including fourteen Latin editions of one of the more sinister works on demonology, the Malleus maleficarum, which codified church dogma on heresy. http://rmc.library.cornell.edu/collections/witchcraft.html Ornithology The Division of Rare and Manuscript Collections holds over forty manuscript collections concerning all aspects of ornithology, and over 300 rare books which richly chronicle the history of both the science of ornithology and the art of bird illustration from the 16th-19th centuries. Centered around a remarkable group of rare bird books given to Cornell by Kenneth E. and Dorothy V. Hill, the Hill Ornithology Collection (see online exhibition) focuses mainly on North American ornithology and on works published before 1900, but its scope is wide. http://rmc.library.cornell.edu/collections/ornith.html E. B. White E. B. White (1899-1985), Cornell class of 1921, began building his collection at Cornell in 1961. He continued to add to the collection up until the time of his death. The E.B. White Collection consists of approximately 36,000 items, including 2,350 books and other printed items, more than 28,000 letters, and 5,500 related items such as manuscripts, documents, clippings, photographs, films, notecards, cassette tapes, bound photocopies, medals and awards by, to, or about E.B. White, spanning the entire range of his activities throughout his life. Letters consist of ca. 3,000 letters by White and 25, 000 letters to him from others. http://rmc.library.cornell.edu/collections/ebwhite.html George Bernard Shaw The Bernard F. Burgunder Collection is one of the largest collections of Shaw manuscripts and books in the world. It contains approximately 3000 books and several thousand manuscripts and letters, by or about Shaw. The Burgunder Collection covers all aspects of Shaw's life and work with particular strength in the area of theatre http://rmc.library.cornell.edu/collections/shaw.html James Joyce The Joyce Collection is one of the richest in the world dealing with Joyce's early writing career and life before 1920. It includes letters by Joyce, letters to or relating to Joyce by his family and friends, many of his early manuscripts, and other documents. http://rmc.library.cornell.edu/collections/joyce.html Cornell University Archives The Archives collects and preserves records of historical, legal, fiscal, and/or administrative value to Cornell University. Holdings include official records and reports of the university, its officers, and component parts; private papers of faculty, students, staff, and alumni; official and student publications; maps and architectural records; audiovisual materials including still photographs and negatives, motion picture film, oral history interviews, and audio and video tapes; and artifacts and ephemera documenting Cornell's history. http://rmc.library.cornell.edu/collections/cuhist.html Andrew Dickson White Architectural Photographs The Division of Rare and Manuscript Collections, Cornell University Library, is home to the Andrew Dickson White Architectural Photographs Collection, comprised of approximately 13,000 nineteenth- and early twentieth-century photographs of architecture, decorative arts and sculpture. White (1832-1918), the first president of Cornell University, established the collection by donating several thousand images from his personal architectural library. http://cidc.library.cornell.edu/adw/adw.asp Cornell University Collection of Political Americana The collection consists of published material, ephemera, and artifacts dating to between 1800 and 1976, including ballots and slates of candidates; promotional broadsides, handbills, and posters; political cartoons lithographs and prints, pamphlets, leaflets, and brochures; songbooks and sheet music; badges, pins, ferrotypes and celluloid buttons; campaign ribbons, souvenirs and more. http://cidc.library.cornell.edu/political/ Samuel J. May Anti-Slavery Collection The Cornell University Library owns one of the richest collections of anti-slavery and Civil War materials in the world. Andrew Dixon White was instrumental in bringing an extensive collection of slavery and abolitionist materials gathered by his close friend, Reverend Samuel Joseph May, to the Cornell Library. Numbering over 10,000 titles, May's pamphlets and leaflets document the anti-slavery struggle at the local, regional, and national levels. http://www.library.cornell.edu/mayantislavery/ French Revolution These collections offer an unparalleled opportunity for the intensive study of 18th and early 19th-century France and present extraordinary strengths for research on the Ancien Régime, the French Revolution, the Napoleonic period, and the Restoration. The collection is strongest in the areas of economy and finance, the Revolutionary government, and Revolutionary culture, with unusual strength in popular culture. http://rmc.library.cornell.edu/collections/frenchrev.html For more Rare and Manuscript Collections see: http://rmc.library.cornell.edu/collections/rmccollections.html Olin Library Collections Map Collection The Map &amp; Geospatial Information Collection on the Lower Level of Olin Library houses a geographically comprehensive collection of over 237,000 maps, 3,000 books and atlases, 400 compact disks, and many other related research materials. The Collection is a full depository library for federal government maps and digital spatial data. http://www.library.cornell.edu/okuref/maps/map.htm Electronic Text Center The Electronic Text Center features more than 100 full-text scholarly sources on CD-ROM, some of which are networked and available through the Library Gateway. The center behind the reference desk in Olin Library. http://www.library.cornell.edu/okuref/cet/cet.html ]
70 ; http://www.library.cornell.edu/DSS ; [ Search , Course Help Research Help Library Services Requests , Digital Scholarship Services The Cornell University Library's Digital Scholarship Services program facilitates collaborations within the Cornell University community in the creation and management of digital scholarly content and tools to support learning, teaching, and research. The program also enables sharing of content through online repositories such as e-publishing systems or institutional and subject repositories. Program staff work closely with the Library's IT group in developing technical solutions and collaborate with the Library's departmental liaisons and subject specialists in identifying needs and delivering services. Staff collaborate with Cornell Information Technologies' academic technology services in facilitating the integration of technologies to support learning and teaching. Contact: Oya Y. RiegerAssociate University Librarian for Digital Scholarship ServicesCornell University Library501 Olin LibraryIthaca, NY, 14853tel. 607-254-4160oyr1@cornell.eduLink to VIVO profile In collaboration with several other CUL units, the program offers the following services: Digital Consulting and Production Services to provide a unified service point for digitization, metadata, copyright &amp; intellectual property rights, e-publishing, delivery platforms &amp; repositories (http://dcaps.library.cornell.edu).  For instance, developing and supporting the Grants Program for Digital Collections in Arts and Sciences (http://dcaps.library.cornell.edu/a&amp;sgrants), coordinating CUL's digitization partnership with Google, facilitating print-on-demand through Amazon, coordinating a common portal for copyright information for the Cornell community (copyright.cornell.edu). Scholarly communication services - requirements analysis, business planning, policy development, assessment, user support for arXiv (http://arxiv.org), eCommons (ecommons.cornell.edu), Euclid (projecteuclid.org), and e-publishing initiatives (http://cip.cornell.edu). For instance, arXiv sustainability program (http://arxiv.org/help/support) or facilitating collaborations with the Cornell University Press Preservation &amp; archiving policies, workflows, business models.  For instance, coordinating our partnership with HathiTrust  - http://www.hathitrust.org and collaborating with CUL IT on developing an archival repository for preserving the library's digital assets (in development) Web design - interface &amp; graphic design, user experience design (usability), accessibility, CUL templates/branding Liaison to CIT &amp; Center for Teaching Excellence for academic technology (such as course websites, course content archiving, digital literacies, etc.) strategy development, and service coordination &amp; delivery Digital Media GroupDanielle Mericle, Coordinator Digital Consulting and Production ServicesFiona Patrick, Coordinator Intellectual Property Rights and Copyright ServicePeter Hirtle, Director Scholarly Communication ServicesDavid Ruddy, Director Web Design and Administrative ServicesMary Beth Lyons, Coordinator Digital Scholarship Services Wiki ]
281 ; http://www.library.cornell.edu/finearts/laptop.html ; []
282 ; http://www.library.cornell.edu/myacct ; [ Search , Course Help Research Help Library Services Requests , Use your NetID to log in ...Don't have a NetID? Guest Borrowers (Library Card, Privilege Card and SUNY Card holders): it is no longer possible to log in with your library card number.  Please contact the circulation desk for assistance.  More information about the change in login procedure. All others: see CIT information about obtaining a NetID, or contact the library for assistance. ...NetID not working? Contact the Library Public Services office or Mann Library Circulation for assistance. Renew Cornell items (including Borrow Direct items) Renew Interlibrary Loan items Columbia University Borrowing Privileges: As a current student, staff or faculty member of Cornell University, you have the option to get a library borrowing card from Columbia University. This allows you to check out books from their collections when you visit Columbia (more information). To register for a card, please click here. ]
209 ; http://www.library.cornell.edu/svcs/borrow/returning ; [ Search , Course Help Research Help Library Services Requests , Most borrowed materials may be returned to any library on the Ithaca, Geneva or Weill Cornell Medical College (New York City) campuses. If you are returning Ithaca/Geneva books to WCMC, please speak with the WCMC staff to let them know you are returning offsite materials. Exceptions: the following materials must be returned directly to the libraries from which they were issued: Reserve books (hourly loans, 1- or 2-day loans) Laptops and other equipment Interlibrary loans Fragile items Any special loan materials, as indicated by the issuing library (may include journal issues, videos, DVDs, CDs, manual loans, etc.) Items may be placed in the book returns located outside of the libraries (after closing) or may be returned at the library circulation desks during open hours.  There is also a North Campus book drop located at the Robert Purcell Community Center (west side, across from Jameson Hall). Note that this bookdrop is available during the academic year only (late August through mid-May).  See individual library maps for location of book returns, or contact the libraries for location information. Drive-up Locations: Locations of libraries or book drops that are accessible by car (on-site parking or nearby 15-minute parking): Adelson Library of Ornithology Africana Library Geneva Library Library Annex (no exterior bookdrop - return books inside, M-F 8am - 6pm, Sat. 9am - 12pm, closed Sun.) Management Library (south side by parking lot) Math Library (north side across from Bailey Hall) Robert Purcell Community Center (metered parking is adjacent to RPCC; bookdrop is located on the west side of building across from Jameson Hall).  NOTE: bookdrop is available during the academic year only (late August through mid-May). If the bookdrop is full: If the outside book return is full, please do not force books into the box or leave them outside the box - return them to the circulation desk the next business day.  You will not be fined for the additional time required to return books in person. Receipts for Return: Upon request, receipts for returned items can be issued in person at the circulation desk at the time of return.  Please check your My Account page to view items on loan to you, and notify the library as soon as possible if you think there is an error. Campus Mail: Please note that books cannot be returned through the Campus Mail delivery system. Returning books by US mail or delivery service: Books returned through US mail, FedEx, DHL, UPS or other delivery service should be insured for a minimum value of $100 per item.  Please address packages to: Library Public Services Office116 Olin LibraryCornell UniversityIthaca, NY  14853 Please be sure to include your name and contact information.  Questions about returns?  Please contact the Library Public Services Office, (607) 255-5069, Monday through Thursday 8:30am - 4:30pm, Friday 8:30am - 3:30pm.  Email: libpublicservices@cornell.edu ]
50 ; http://www.library.cornell.edu/africana/about/mission.html ; []
257 ; http://www.library.cornell.edu/svcs/borrow/grad ; [ Search , Course Help Research Help Library Services Requests , Loan Periods The regular loan period for books is 180 days.  Most items are renewable. Special materials such as journals, DVDs or reserve items may be loaned for shorter periods such as hours or days. Check with individual libraries for specific loan periods. Notices Courtesy notices are sent four days before a book is due, and overdue notices are sent the 2nd day and 14th day after a book is due. Available notices are sent the day after a requested book is received at the designated pick-up library. Recall notices are sent the day after a book is recalled by another user. Fine/fee notices are sent the day after the fine is incurred. Note that failure to receive a courtesy or overdue notice does not relieve the borrower of responsibility to return or renew borrowed materials by the due date. Library notices are sent by e-mail to the borrower's NetID address (NetID@cornell.edu). If you prefer another type of e-mail address, such as you@department.cornell.edu, please configure your mail preferences so that NetID mail is routed to the preferred address. Please go to http://whoiam.cornell.edu and follow the instructions for routing mail. Note that failure to receive a courtesy or overdue notice does not relieve the borrower of responsibility to return or renew borrowed materials by the due date. Overdue Fines Loan Type Fine Rates Regular $.75/day* Hourly $.04/minute or $2.40/hour Short Term $2.00/day Recalls $3.00/day *Late fees are not charged for materials returned or renewed within nine days of the due date. Items returned after the expiration of the 9-day grace period are fined retroactive to the first day overdue. Replacement Billing If a borrowed item has not been returned or renewed, a replacement bill will be created 27 days after the most recent due date.  The bill will include the recplacement cost plus the overdue fine applicable to the type of loan, according to the chart below:  Lost Item Replacement Cost $75.00* Overdue Fine (regular loan, non-recalled item) $25.00 Recalled Item Fine $60.00 Short-term Loan Fine $35.00 * This amount may be more if an item is of greater value. Items returned after billing: the cost of the item will be cancelled if it has not already been replaced or reordered. Overdue fines may not be cancelled. Unpaid bills are sent to Cornell Collections 60 days after the bill date. Questions and appeals should be directed to the circulation supervisor of the lending library. Borrowing Privileges Cornell University identification cards serve as library cards. The privilege of borrowing is a personal one and may not be transferred. Borrowing privileges will be suspended if the borrower: owes library bills of $300 or more has one overdue recalled item has more than 100 overdue items Recalls Books may be recalled at any time during their loan, including during break periods and the summer.  Recalled items are usually due back 9 - 14 days from the date of recall. General Circulation Policies All library material must be properly charged out. The prompt and safe return of borrowed materials is the personal responsibility of the individual to whom they are loaned. Overdue notices are sent as a courtesy to remind borrowers that an item should be renewed or returned, but failure to receive a notice does not relieve the borrower of the responsibility to renew or return the item when due. The borrower is responsible for notifying the Library immediately if library material is damaged, missing or lost. Address changes:  E-mail forwarding can be configured through http://whoiam.cornell.edu. Please note that address updates will take at least a day to load to the library database. ]
216 ; http://www.library.cornell.edu/visualresources/tools ; [ Search , Course Help Research Help Library Services Requests , Research ToolsResearch SupportDigitizationEquipment &amp; SoftwareCopyrightFAQ Cornell University Library provides access to many image databases. Several of those databases offer expanded features through separate software applications or special, password-protected accounts. ARTstor and collections delivered via Luna Insight® offer expanded image-sharing features (including presentation options), which Cornell community members may access or download. To request a consultation with a trained visual resource specialist, write vrhelp-l@cornell.edu ARTstor Click here to access ARTstor. ARTstor is a searchable database of digital images and associated catalog data. The database provides high resolution images for instruction, study, and research in the arts and the humanities. It combines images from museums, exhibitions, artist's estates, scholarly collections, and other visual archives. The database is available through a web browser. Images may be presented using a downloadable off-line viewer (OIV). Registration as a member of the Cornell University community is necessary in order to use all of ARTstor’s features. Collection highlights include: Contemporary Architecture, Urban Design and Public Art Cuban Heritage Collection (U of Miami) Gernsheim Photographic Corpus of Drawings Giza Archaeological Expedition Archive Huntington Archive of Asian Art Islamic Art and Architecture Collection Manuscripts and Early Printed Books (Bodleian Library, Oxford University) Native American Art and Culture To register: Launch the ARTstor site from the home page. Click on the "Register" button at the right. Enter your email address and a password of your choice. Once you have registered, you may logon to gain full access to all of the features ARTstor. Instructor password requests: Cornell University faculty members may request a password to obtain instructor privileges. To request an instructor password, send an email message to vrhelp-l@cornell.edu. Please include "ARTstor Instructor Password Request" in the subject heading and indicate your departmental affiliation. ARTstor technical support: General helpTechnical specificationsContact vrhelp-l@cornell.edu Luna Insight Click here to access Luna Insight. Cornell University has licensed the Luna Insight software as an image delivery system for many image databases that are owned or licensed for use at Cornell University. Luna Insight is available through your web browser, and no password is required. For access to the software's presentation features, Cornell users may request a special account. See below for details. Collection highlights include: Knight Visual Resources Collection (Cornell-only)* Herbert F. Johnson Museum of Art Scholars Resource (Cornell-only)* AMICA Library David Rumsey Map Collection Andrew D. White Architectural Photographs Collection* Beyond the Taj: Architectural Traditions and Landscape Experience in South Asia* Images from Cornell's Rare Book and Manuscript Collections Claire Holt Slides of Indonesian Arts Billie Jean Isbell Andean Collection: Images from the Andes Cornell University Collection of Political Americana Icelandic and Faroese Photographs of Frederick W. W. Howell Images from the Map Collection, Cornell University Library *Collections also available in ARTstor. Special account access: Faculty, staff, and other Cornell affiliates with need for special account privileges for instruction, research and development will need to obtain a special account username and password to access the collections by emailing a request to vrhelp-l@cornell.edu. Please include "Insight Password Request" in the subject heading and indicate if you are faculty, staff, or other Cornell affiliate. Luna technical support: Contact vrhelp-l@cornell.edu Additional Image Resources Division of Rare and Manuscript Collections, Cornell University Library In addition to its collections delivered via the Luna Insight software, the Library's Division of Rare and Manuscript Collections has many image resources that are accessible through its Web site. Visit the site to view links to digital image collections and web exhibtions. Fine Arts Library Internet Resources The Fine Arts Library has compiled a list of useful internet resources on its Web site. These resources are organized by category: Art History, Museums, Architecture, City and Regional Planning, Historic Preservation, Photography, and Image Resources. University Photography Image Library University Photography's Image Library is a searchable database of over 17,000 current and historical Cornell images. Once registered, public users can download low resolution images or purchase prints. Internal Cornell customers may also order digital files of any image for use in publications or media, directly online. ]
135 ; http://www.library.cornell.edu/svcs/serve/scholarly ; [ Search , Course Help Research Help Library Services Requests , Digitization and Digital Content Management Digitization services and partnerships with Cornell faculty, unit libraries, the Library metadata group, and the Library IT department to make digital content available online -- easy to search and discover.  Also provided is information about archiving and preservation of digital content. Digital Consulting and Production Services (DCAPS) Grants Program for Digital Collections in Arts and Sciences Cornell University Library Registry of Digital Collections Print on Demand Titles from Cornell University Library Google-Cornell Digitization Initiative Project Showcase Billie Jean Isbell Andean Collection: Images from the Andes Bolivian Pamphlets Collection Cornell Daily Sun Muller:Kluge - Conversations between Heiner Muller and Alexander Kluge Scholarly Publishing Scholarly communication comprises the creation, exchange, dissemination, evaluation, registration, and archiving of the outcomes of research and other scholarly activities. Cornell University Library offers the following services in support of new modes of scholarly communication: CUL Initiatives in Publishing eCommons@Cornell arXiv.org arXiv: Case Study in Sustainability of Open Access Online Resources Cornell Open-Access Publication Fund Transforming Scholarly Communication and Libraries Copyright and Intellectual Property Investigation and permissions services for collections to be digitized and help in determining rights and securing protection for intellectual property. Interpreting fair use guidelines, advising authors on issues surrounding ownership, and negotiating terms and fees are key areas of concern. Cornell Copyright Information Center Copyright Management for Authors ]
260 ; http://www.library.cornell.edu/aboutus/partners/othergrants ; [ Search , Course Help Research Help Library Services Requests , Cornell Faculty and Programs | Other Universities and University Libraries | Global Engagement | Corporate Partnerships | Other Grants To further its mission, the Library solicits grants and contracts from governmental and private sources. Here are some grant funded projects that are not listed elsewhere. Back to partnerships and initiatives Conservation and Digitization of the Trials Pamphlet Collection at Cornell University Library. A project to conserve and digitize the 321 pamphlets in the Trials Pamphlet collection at the Cornell University Law Library. The pamphlets range in date from the late 1600s to the late 1800s. As a collection, these trial pamphlets capture a formative period in American history from the early years of the republic, through the turmoil of the Civil War, to the emergence of the United States as a leading industrial nation in the late 1800s. Because cases were not officially reported on until the 1830s, the collection is one of the few ways to research trials from the 18th and early 19th centuries. The project will ensure in-person access to the original artifact at Cornell and provide arge worldwide access to the collection via the Internet. With funding from the National Endowment for the Humanities and the National Park Service through the Save America's Treasures program. For additional information contact Barbara Eden &lt;beb1@cornell.edu&gt; Dissemination and Preservation of Digital Agricultural Economic Data on the Internet. A cooperative agreement with the United States Department of Agriculture to improve and enhance current and long-term access to the electronic information and data resources of the Natioanl Agricultural Statistics Service (NASS), the Agricultural Marketing Service (AMS), the Economic Research service (ERS), the Foreign Agricultural Service (FAS) and the World Agricultural Outlook Board (WAOB). These resources are vital to data users in universities and other research institutions, state and local government agencies, libraries, and by others in the private and public sectors. Staff at Cornell's Mann Library will organize, preserve and provide network access to the agency files along with user support services, including reference and referral. For additional information contact Mary Ochs &lt;mao4@cornell.edu&gt; Implement the VIVO Application to Enable Discovery of Researchers Across USDA. A cooperative agreement with the United States Department of Agriculture to support the implementation of the VIVO software across the Department of Agriculture. This will not only link science and research across the Department but also pave the way for linking the Department's VIVO instance into the national VIVO network being developed to create a national VIVO network for agriculture. For additional information see &lt;http://www.mannlib.cornell.edu/news/usda-mann-partnership-bears-new-fruit&gt; Contact: Mary Ochs &lt;mao4@cornell.edu&gt; Building Capacity for the Digitization, Dissemination and Preservation of Southeast Asian Resources. A subcontract from Northern Illinois University to provide two digitization training workshops in Indonesia and Malaysia in support of the Virtual Southeast Asia grant to Northern Illinois University from the United States Department of Education. For additional information contact Oya Rieger &lt;oyr1@cornell.edu&gt; ]
128 ; http://www.library.cornell.edu/resrch/libguides/22 ; [ Search , Course Help Research Help Library Services Requests ]
145 ; http://www.library.cornell.edu/colldev/cdi&lr.html ; []
173 ; http://www.library.cornell.edu/scholarlycomm/openaccess/ ; [ Overview In order to make scholarly information more accessible and affordable, a number of alternatives, made possible with the technology of the internet, have been proposed. Some of them fall within the definition of what is called Open Access. In 2002, the Budapest Open Access Initiative defined open access as the "world-wide electronic distribution of the peer-reviewed journal literature, completely free and unrestricted access to it by all scientists, scholars, teachers, students, and other curious minds." Obviously such publishing, like all publishing, has a cost. As such, someone other than the reader (or the reader's library) would pay for the publication-and much of the discussion so far has been how that cost might be paid for. , Currently there are two complementary strategies for achieving open access to scholarly journal literature. The first is depositing of preprints in an open access digital achive (such as Cornell University's eCommons) hosted by an institution or discipline. The second is publishing in peer reviewed open access journals. In some cases there will be overlap between the two in that some self-archived materials will also have been peer reviewed and accepted for publication. , Another definition of Open Access publishing comes from a meeting of the biomedical community held on April 11, 2003 in Bethesda, Maryland, and is commonly referred to as the Bethesda Statement on Open Access Publishing. It is composed of two clauses, one concerning copyright and the other concerning archival copies and access: An Open Access Publication is one that meets the following two conditions: 1) The author(s) and copyright holder(s) grant(s) to all users a free, irrevocable, worldwide, perpetual right of access to, and a license to copy, use, distribute, transmit and display the work publicly and to make and distribute derivative works, in any digital medium for any responsible purpose, subject to proper attribution of authorship, as well as the right to make small numbers of printed copies for their personal use. 2) A complete version of the work and all supplemental materials, including a copy of the permission as stated above, in a suitable standard electronic format is deposited immediately upon initial publication in at least one online repository that is supported by an academic institution, scholarly society, government agency, or other well-established organization that seeks to enable open access, unrestricted distribution, interoperability, and long-term archiving (for the biomedical sciences, PubMed Central is such a repository). The third major defintion is the Berlin Declaration on Open Access to Knowledge in the Sciences and Humanities. A discussion by Peter Suber , editor of the Open Access News, on the commonality of these three definitions is know as the BBB definition of open access. , Keeping Current on the Issue The Open Access News is the best way to stay abreast of national and international news about the open-access. Create Change is an advocacy and education campaign cosponsored with the Association of Research Libraries and the Association of College and Research Libraries to engage the academic community in reclaiming scholarly communication. SPARC®, the Scholarly Publishing and Academic Resources Coalition, is an alliance of universities, research libraries, and organizations built as a constructive response to market dysfunctions in the scholarly communication system. These dysfunctions have reduced dissemination of scholarship and crippled libraries. SPARC serves as a catalyst for action, helping to create systems that expand information dissemination and use in a networked digital environment while responding to the needs of academe. Charles Bailey has written a summary of Key Open Access Concepts, and has illustrated these concepts with a range of useful links. ]
307 ; http://www.library.cornell.edu/aboutus/staff/leg ; [ Search , Course Help Research Help Library Services Requests , Cornell University Library is a system comprised of twenty library units providing resources and services in support of the teaching, research and service goals of Cornell University. The Library Executive Group advises the University Librarian on policy and administers the units that constitute the system. Library Executive Group Anne Kenney, Carl A. Kroch University Librarian Lee Cartmill, Associate University Librarian for Administrative Services Dean Krafft, Chief Technology Strategist and Director of Information Technology Jim LeBlanc, Director of Library Technical Services Xin Li, Associate University Librarian for Central Library Operations Janet McCue, Associate University Librarian for Teaching, Research, Outreach, and Learning Services Oya Rieger, Associate University Librarian for Digital Scholarship Services John Saylor, Associate University Librarian for Scholarly Resources and Special Collections Edward Weissman, Assistant to the University Librarian Organizational Chart Contact Information Phone: Fax: (607) 255-3393(607) 255-6788 Postal Address: 201 Olin LibraryCornell UniversityIthaca, NY 14853-5301 Name Title Address Responsibilities Anne Kenney Carl A. Kroch University Librarian 201 Olin LibraryCornell University Ithaca, NY 14853-5301tel. 607-255-3393ark3@cornell.edu Cornell University Library Lee Cartmill Associate University Librarian, Administrative Services 201 Olin LibraryCornell University Ithaca, NY 14853-5301tel.: 607-255-5181ltc1@cornell.edu Administrative Operations Dean Krafft Chief Technology Strategist and Director of Information Technology 201 Olin LibraryCornell University Ithaca, NY 14853-5301tel.: 607-255-9214dean.krafft@cornell.edu Information Technology Jim LeBlanc Director, Library Technical Services 111 Olin LibraryCornell UniversityIthaca, NY 14853-5301jdl8@cornell.edu Library Technical Services Xin Li Associate University Librarian, Central Library Operations 213C Olin Library Cornell University Ithaca, NY 14853-5301xl49@cornell.edu Janet McCue Associate University Librarian, Teaching, Research, Outreach, and Learning Services 201 Olin LibraryCornell University Ithaca, NY 14853-5301tel.: 607-254-8378 jam7@cornell.edu Teaching, Research, Outreach, and Learning Services Unit Libraries Oya Rieger Associate University Librarian, Digital Scholarship Services 501 Olin Library Cornell University Ithaca, NY 14853-5301tel.: 607-254-5160oyr1@cornell.edu Digital Scholarship Services John Saylor Associate University Librarian, Scholarly Resources and Special Collections 309 Uris LibraryCornell University Ithaca, NY 14853tel.: 607-255-4134jms1@cornell.edu Scholarly Communications Collection Development Division of Rare and Manuscript Collections Edward Weissman Assistant to the University Librarian 213 Olin Library Cornell University Ithaca, NY 14853-5301tel.: 607-255-5754esw3@cornell.edu ]
205 ; http://www.library.cornell.edu/annex/services ; [ Search , Course Help Research Help Library Services Requests , ServicesFacilitiesHistory Services Overview Annex Requests Hours and Staff Directory ]
171 ; http://www.library.cornell.edu/annex/news/expansionproject/personnel ; [ Search , Course Help Research Help Library Services Requests , Project Personnel Annex Expansion Project Steering CommitteeRoss Atkinson, Deputy University LibrarianLee Cartmill, Director of Finance and AdministrationDavid Corson, Associate University Librarian for the Humanities LibrariesElaine Engst, Director of Rare and Manuscripts and University ArchivistJohn Hoffmann, Director of Facilities PlanningCatherine Murray-Rust, Associate University Librarian (chair, 1993-98)Patricia Schafer, Deputy Director of Olin/Kroch/Uris Libraries (chair, 1998- ) Annex OperationsPatricia Schafer, Deputy Director of Olin/Kroch/Uris LibrariesSusan Currie, Head of the Division of Access Services, Olin/Kroch/Uris Libraries Annex Moving Project: John Marmora, Project Manager Annex Expansion Project Web Site: Rick Lightbody, Web Master * See also the planning &amp; construction team ]
317 ; http://www.library.cornell.edu/index ; []
152 ; http://www.library.cornell.edu/aboutus/inside/publications ; [ Search , Course Help Research Help Library Services Requests , Material that highlights and promotes recent activity in the Cornell Library. In Our Own Words (2011) (PDF) 2010 Library Calendar (PDF) Past Annual Reports CUL Annual Report 2008 (PDF) CUL Annual Report 2007 (PDF) CUL Annual Report 2006 (PDF) CUL Annual Report 2005 (PDF) CUL Annual Report 2003/2004 (PDF) CUL Annual Report 2002/2003 (PDF) CUL Annual Report 2001/2002 (PDF) Annual Statistics Archive ]
239 ; http://www.library.cornell.edu/svcs/borrow/bordir ; [ Search , Course Help Research Help Library Services Requests , Connect to Borrow Direct using your Cornell NetID. What is Borrow Direct? Borrow Direct is a rapid book request and delivery system. It enables Cornell faculty, staff and students to search the combined library catalogs of Brown, Columbia, Cornell, Dartmouth, Harvard, University of Pennsylvania, Princeton, Yale and (soon) MIT -- a collection of around 50 million volumes -- and directly request expedited delivery of circulating items. Normal 0 false false false EN-US X-NONE X-NONE MicrosoftInternetExplorer4 Normal 0 false false false EN-US X-NONE X-NONE MicrosoftInternetExplorer4 In addition, Cornell patrons may now use the Borrow Direct system to search for items that are held in the Center for Research Libraries, and place requests for CRL items directly from the Borrow Direct search screen. Items requested from CRL can be tracked in your Interlibrary Loan account. What are some features of the new version? Advanced search options, including subject searching. Six week loans, with the option for one six-week renewal for books checked out in the new Borrow Direct (details below). Borrow Direct items appear in your Cornell Library account page, where they can be renewed (details below). How does Borrow Direct work? Log into Borrow Direct using your Cornell NetID. Use the Search function to locate the book you want to request. To search Borrow Direct and non-Borrow Direct catalogs at the same time, click here. Select the library where you would like to pick up the item, then click the Request button. You will receive an e-mail notice when the item is available to be picked up. What can be requested through Borrow Direct? Books and printed music not owned by Cornell libraries. Books and printed music that are currently unavailable at Cornell, e.g., charged out, lost, missing, at the bindery, etc. Books and printed music that normally circulate from the Brown, Columbia, Dartmouth, Harvard, University of Pennsylvania, Princeton, Yale, and The Center for Research Libraries (CRL) collections. What cannot be requested through Borrow Direct? Books and printed music currently available at Cornell designated in the Catalog as "Not charged." Journals, magazines, newspapers and other serials (note: deliverable via ILL if held at CRL.) Photocopies of journal articles, conference proceedings, etc. Reference books, microfilm and other non-circulating material (note: may be deliverable via ILL if held at CRL.) Books from most of our partners' medical and law libraries. Audio-visual material (DVD's, videos, CD's). When will the book arrive from Borrow Direct? Most items will be available for pick-up at the circulation desk of the pick-up location you have chosen within four working days of the date you placed your request. What is the loan period for Borrow Direct books? Six weeks (42 days), subject to recall by the owning library. A one-time renewal for an additional six weeks (42 days) is available. The renewal sets the due date to six weeks (42 days) from the original due date, thus giving you a 12-week loan. Are there overdue fines for Borrow Direct books? Yes, fines for overdue or lost Borrow Direct books are the same as fines for regular Cornell Library books. Please see the Circulation Policies on the Borrowing and Delivery page for information about overdue fines. How do I cancel a Borrow Direct request? Contact one of the five pick-up locations listed below. How do I renew Borrow Direct books? You can renew books for an additional six-week period via "My Account" in the Library Catalog. (Borrow Direct items will appear there along with any Cornell Library items you have checked out.) The renewal sets the due date to six weeks (42 days) from the original due date, creating a 12-week loan. Who is eligible to use Borrow Direct? All current Cornell faculty, staff and registered students who are willing to accept e-mail as the primary method of notification. How can I get material unavailable from Borrow Direct? Request a book or article through Interlibrary Loan. Questions about Borrow Direct? If you have any further questions or can't find what you need, please ask a librarian or contact one of the five pick-up locations: Olin Library 255-9564 olin-ils@cornell.edu Mann, Geneva or Veterinary Library 255-7754 mann_ill@cornell.edu Law Library 255-5750 law-ils@cornell.edu ]
218 ; http://www.library.cornell.edu/finearts/stacklocationguides.html ; []
